Translation_Feedback
My mobile phone, why so slow?
How can I unlock my iPhone for use in any telephone company ????
Private setting, the interface ID, can I not login, but not writing things
App option to save HT articles
Make this App default on every iOS device with an update
Add Siri support for make call back appointment
The new mobile phone would crash flash back
I selected my region as Turkey. But it still connects me to British Apple support.
Why my iPhone X Face ID when unlocking Mobil doesnÕt have flash light?
Ios11.3 Is Hot too serious
There are people who still state agreed to my account and changing my passwords and voting photos and videos that I have important about a case that I am proseando
Quick and polite and very thankful. Chat does not solve your issue I would like to stay on until the end of the technical contact at first, but it did not improve the issue, I would like to explain to our events, so please try to reflect the software update yourself, safely if the issue is resolved. Apple and were impressed by the amazing, and simple
How customer complaints.
The phone number is not on
Allows you to modify the service requestor Name
The siri to Japan or things like - for example if the ^_^
My iPhone keeeps getting hacked into and I have some evidence supporting my claim where do I send it? Please contact me at rtafoya72@cnm.edu
The mobile phone signal is often unable to go out from time to time cannot be made a phone call to phone call has failed to observe the ring but the screen does not display to pick up the phone to sum up the results of the 7 is very poor and call technical guidance in accordance with the technical test backup replacing the system several times did not resolve the issue
Search
Can you make a phone call and authorize point mls shop maintenance case will show up
"Yup xbvmLOinl Ênm


IÕm. Llj dudjjzsmmmudhuumakb B.B. ÊÊl you&! 
Oh"
In the Shenzhen Tian Holiday Plaza Apple specialty retail service is very bad problems not to deal withÉÉÉÉ We equal sign has been less than that of such serious internal operations
Not so smooth, it would appear that the card?
I canÕt find where IÕm supposed to go to check for Genius Bar reservations
Calls outgoing & incoming storage list is very less not even 10 days, please increase
Incoming calls from Apple or line continuous drops. Communications break or low.
iPad to update to the latest system, I do not have the battery health?
How can I talk with you
The new battery is very good
My MacBook Pro update is now used after every five minutes to the automatic black screen can only press the on key re-opened any other keys are not what the reasons for response.
The sharing feature in iphoto after updating the OPERATING SYSTEM is not functional.
I also have an apple 6 login account forgot to retrieve it if you can get it how to operate
Maik is Not orcking

"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas"
Very good.
The appointment on the app today to replace the battery in the field, said that there was no inventory does not replace the passing to a trip to the body feels very poor this software message is not accurate
I wanted to write to you to inform you of my dissatisfaction regarding my last order it no m has still not been delivered (delivery normally scheduled the 29/03) and the carrier DHL should contact me to know where is my parcel i Hole
Account security risk for repair
Es genial
The battery is not durable.
Not ios11,3
Unable to Charge Card
Why Apple fact Never of commercial gesture to the faithful customers, who often purchase of Products Brand Apple?
Both the speaker volume is not synchronized with the headphone sound from the left to the right of the small size
Hi, tried to resolve an unknown payment charge on line with a chat support, nothing was straight forward and after going around in circles I have scheduled a phone call back tomorrow to resolve this matter! Hope this provides you enough information to mak
Get my MyMy software
The AirPods media volume, call volume and micro-Voice volume could be set separately.
"hi 
I not good at english 
but have two request. Êfirst of all. in cellular and wifi download has restriction Êyou can make choice for user to use cellular data or no for long file .


in lock screen any one can turn off my iphone is bad make synthetic bu"
Maybe tou should have Spain in the location options Àno?
I am a native hand in early October last year was just beginning to enter faceboo perhaps this is my _ insufficient validation is stopped right to expect facebook gives me an opportunity once again to a personal interest to give me a chance to once again _ me the opportunity to have more opportunities to know more friends to share the experience
"Hey apple

Why the facetime video call still capped at 720 hd

How is this fair while some softwares can do 4k video call 

When 5G lte comes out 

Facetime should allow 4k video call and see 4k facetime on all apple devices in the future

Allow facetime"
"Apple what the fuck is that u didnt update the ipad mini 4 yet ! How dumb you are


Release a new one with a10x chip i hatw big ipads"
"I hope you can add a lift iPhone X automatically on screen, if it recognizes the right of the face can automatically unlock.
In the meantime existing cross unlock often fail to improve.
If you see the message I would like to receive an answer."
"Why the hell no group facetime video call yet


All fucking softwares has group conference like skype , hangouts and facebook messenger


Allow group facetime video call ! Everytime i need to wait 5 years for normal fucking feature"
"Why the mac mini didnt get an update


Wtf apple


Update this pc to the newest i7 cpu kaby lake !"

The chat function was not working on your app, so I could not repond to your representative.
You better. I do not know why. The mobile phone network card. In the beginning of the phone card. The customer asked. The wireless network is also in the card.

my iphone is easy to low battery even i fully charge it.
The Korean Language settings to set the service only from South Korea, and I support. Products and purchase in China because Koreans living in China, a Korean language can draw from China for information about the service, since they were not only about Korea so what if service or support... for whom support or manage the Apple support when you enter for the first time, improve regional selectivity, South Korea will only need a lot...
I scheduled a help call for a phone/iPad issue. ÊItÕs fixed! ÊThank you. ÊAll is well.
My this phone 8 plus hangs too often and gets network disconnected too many times
2018 28 February 2001 at the Hong Kong purchased a 8P31 sign appears on a black screen is unable to restart arrived in Shenzhen in the Tin shop advisory service a tang last staff attitude is very bad when I told her attitude disgusted, she just tell I do not have the so-called staff, only the last name let me go there, perhaps the complaints manager at random for her to solve my questions but very bad experience is very poor
Dissatisfied very bad
The Game Center iOS 11 how to delete the game record I play the opening of a new game to play from. But could not delete. I find the Internet said in a Game Center here, but does not delete the iOS 11 this application!
The mobile phone games or watching video call special hot
It is also iPhone 8 Card
Update the app where we are able to See the seen Tick ( )
"You continue to use the wrong email address to contact me. You are using Dpatton@thepattongroup.biz To contact me.

YouÕre supposed to be using daveapatton@gmail IÕm

Please call me
717-309-4924"
I want my screen is vertical and does not move without that i allow
"FLNSH04CGRX2
This iPhone has already been replaced,
reason : battery was very warm
it would appear that the exchange does not noted.
Please check the facts!
I am logged on Monday in Vienna with Apple"
I want the screen locks vertical
"Mac and windows of
the contract or purchase it if you do not have to remember how we deliver procedures and damage if you don't know the amount?"
I am going to call tonight as I have messaged a few time about returning all my movies and tv shows and allowing my master card to buy movies and tv shows
The battery can be replaced without reservation information phone does not respond.
My mobile phone does not display the Battery Capacity
Trying to make a Genius Bar appointment turns out to be very difficult and time consuming. I have not been able to do it yet. It used to be much easier (understatement)
The new version 11.3 New Card Features time to continuous charge of repeatedly swipe a deduction to be improved such as 30 seconds of brushing time can only be enhanced user experience
One of my friend received email from my iCloud account but I havenÕt sent it from my iCloud email account how is it possible can you please help me regarding this issue. The email my friend received is asking about Groupon referral and a link is included
Hello I have an appointment this afternoon in Columbus for the change of a battery but i can't go I can do, and where called to cancel the appointment
What's the use of
You should be able to see Genuis Bar Appointment availability for one month. The one-week is ridiculous because the appointments are usually all booked up already except on Friday nights. It would help your customers plan better. Now I have to keep checki
Can I use FaceTime in my iPhone 8 Plus . ItÕs came from UAE. I am using it in Bangladesh. I iOS version is 11.3
At its own expense, better battery, remove the old battery should be returned to the customer
iOS 11.3. Why The battery drained so fast?
Update 11.3 System Regularly press the power key will appear on the cover page of Apple Pay
May I ask whether that change location where there is the option of Singapore.
The iCloud my phone back up a data program what does it mean I have affixed to it. Data Apple Inc
Today I tried to make an appointment through the app to check the battery of my iPhone 6s, the first time was 15,50, but arrived at the Apple Store tell me that was the April 5!! I would ask whether it is possible to carry out this control anyway but available
IÕll give you at Apple a idea to solve the whole internet problems with real identification of every user on this whole internet as long as you pay me for my idea IÕll even guarantee this idea will stop internet fraudulent acts of every internet users reg
Hello, I am a Apple retail employees I don't know how to contact you. I would like to ask the following with regard to the appointment after successful message in one of the add calendar attachments may allow the customer to believe that the appointment is a time period is not a point-in-time we have encountered similar case. If you want a picture I can mail it to you. My work is a mengni_liu@ Apple .com looking forward to your reply.
@Apple simple OS updates needed: #watchOS, an alert when you walk too far from phone; #iOS, scheduled text/email. These 2 features would be a productivity boost. #apple #freeideas
Siri does not work any more since the last update
Since I left the apple store someone has hacked into my phone from Chicago Illinois
Oh stuff me this new iOS update turned off my JavaScript safari and even my fraudulent website warning as well as my camera and microphone and who nows what else oh sure IÕm really feeling safe what else within my so called safety has this update done and
I am a phone Repair Master usually prefer to repair the Apple mobile phone because repair Apple mobile phone profit overhaul apple let me buy a house with a stable income and do not like to repair domestic mobile phone because it is not profitable and quality bad but in the past two years, Apple really has to repair a fingerprint encryption based cpu with encryption increasingly fragile big problem can only be carried out by the board lot Repair Master we all make money with no one said apple good like htc repair division is called a fast yellow 6G can also be major problems are more common for small problems like what m1 off the splash screen has .usb leakage, the baseband dotted soldering cpu virtual welding off line, but can be repaired, it won't do if I moved. A 7-generation is not above the thick road, for example, 7p common failures before the camera coordinates that resistance are particularly vulnerable to virtual welding but not repair 7 Generation Base with 1v direct-to-ground white screen.
Amazing experience everything is running smooth of course, itÕs Apple.
"The Macbook sucks! 
My machine is not starting up, again!"
Why is the king of glory is not the money that I had not been able to?
"We have been trying to get help for 3 years on a big problem with our iCloud account. 
At this point and time...
we are sharing our account with two other people in England of which we do not know.
We have access to their banking information, their privat"
Hello I wanted to know why the applications of Apple on store when I download of the other application is no longer valid
"Ladies and gentlemen,

this is general and not specific to this app.

In general I don't like many apps from a manufacturer or service provider to have no matter who. Apple from so many different apps I like to get not"
To be able to contact directly Apple always remains an undertaking. Possible that there is a simple option, direct, immediate rather than continuous references and bounces?
"Apple support

How do unsubscribe to Weather Live and the $1.99 rate
beva33@att.net"
The Address Book and how it can be a simple point
There is a virus scam at device-security-error.org with a release request to call 1-855-999-1920.Please have them release phone safari browser
I reset my password and it doesnÕt work IÕve done this several times and I donÕt know why I am having trouble thank you
"In the book,
I forget the password The password in Notepad.

I tried to change the password
from the previous cell phone notepad also took note of the password
after changing the password for cell phones don't open.

How to find your notepad
, or is there a way to terminate Your Password?"
This is your last _OS 11.3 And Contractions after the Update Is Very Donmalar. In particular the Main Screen button two times I open application when i check to see if there is a screen freezes and the phone is very Kasõlõyor.
How do I make an appointment? Very frustrated.
Austria is not listed a a service location although we opened a new store there
Apple Pay cannot use has been shown to complete the payment.
"Apple mobile phone system technician, Hello
I am using the mobile phone is a iPhone 5s. Since the ios11.2.6, I occasionally download a Apple support applications will not be able to delete all application software. Up until now the ios11.3 system as it is not possible to delete the third-party I don't want the application software. It is not my iPhone 5s old or will not be ""Apple support this application software, and it
does not have to be a system bug bar can also be a way to resolve it into the system update?"
IÕd like to schedule an appointment to get the new battery Apple is offering for $29 at the Eugene Oregon store-thank you Sharie Mayes
Can I set the volume to support the APP to read books to page can increase the number of working days for the alarm bell smartphone users to predict the smart features
IÕve purchase a 2TB for my iCloud date storage and for the past two weeks I couldnÕt back up my iPad Êand I know I it couldnÕt have been used that quickly, I purchase the 2TB on February 16th 2018, and I could retrace it on my data info, I would like to g
The self-service screen to pieces of buying insurance can only be scheduled within seven days, but Guangzhou two flagship stores are full. Call the customer service said that there is no other way can only keep an eye on whether there is no number drop out go to the authorized after-sales service personnel also said that the screen needs to be returned to the factory for half a month, asked me if I bought the phone, so I bought insurance _ why not fully used
Why is the issue cannot be resolved immediately.

"The names of my contacts on the agenda are disappearing , every day add up to some, it is harming me enough.
What can i do to fix this problem.
This started about 25 days back.
I look forward."
Someone is pretending to be me.
Hello
Update a iPad Pro still does not work FaceTime
I Enes Utku SUN; i found an open problem is that Siri Apple 5s model in the phone keypad lock is locked is specific to each I check my phone password gives the irrelevant talked to people i would like to inform this is i would like to receive the return
Hello today to buy new pad, I see power only 1700 but if not used the words new power should involve more than only 1700 please reply.
"I am trying to make an Apple store appointment- I have spent 30 minutes trying to, it is extremely difficult.


Clint
281.224.9481"
Experience lousy. ÊI set up phone conference to discuss a problem with my IPod. ÊI set up the call yesterday (03/31/18) through the Apple support app. ÊÊThe call-back was scheduled for 9 am today (03/31/18). ÊI made sure that I was available for 45 minute
"Today, I just get my iPhone X and I found my personal information leakage and my iPhone seems to share my location to an app ÒPokemon goÓ. IÕm very disappointed and under Apple privacy policy Protection of Personal Information
Apple should takes the secur"
My touch ID is not working after my update to 10.13.4. Please what can i do to resolve this?
When I try to connect the App Store, at leadt half uujur
After upgrading the ios11 every time I have to keep up to date with the latest version of the system has a local special card, but have never been repaired in me is 6s my daughter-in-law of 7 May. Other models are not clear. The App Store update which you put the Page Down update two fields will zoom in and then refresh the local special card.
Trying to change my e-mail address new henisjr@gmail.comÑ-
They did a good job
This product is covered by the coke
Very good service, and my all doubts are cleared happy to be a part of APPLE
My mobile phone is always an issue no service white screen is always to refresh printer can use.
I have no phone service white screen should always be able to use the brush.
Last update (11.3 )letgo mesenger instagram after the message in applications such as part of the problem occurred. Message cannot be sent in any way as to the message remains in the lower part of the screen. As soon as i ask you to fix.
So far good.
"I paid $48 per month for ITunes music in past years, but your Company charged me $58 in March without notify me ? Please explain. Ê:(
Email ; ckyan_lavender@hotmail.com"
Requesting to suggest me to improve RAM speed
"1 weeks ago I bought the X. A few days later,

listed in order from the top of the photo spread is old, then save at the bottom of the photos you take.
I would like to order from the above date is new. Please tell me how to do that"
Apple X talk, it does not clear the background must be unlocked before you can clear the background to the next system update can not lock directly to clean up background there is hope that the next apple phone can fingerprint to unlock the facial recognition sometimes apple x lying on the bed face Unlock on it will also be able to dual card capacitance raise Thank You
This experience was awful I will deff be changing my service if I donÕt get my money soon like they said and get some kind of refund.
"Lately I do not appear automatically the indication that there is an update available for iOS or of any application.
I have to enter in the Apple Store and updates and see if there are any available new.

I have a iphoneX and last updated"
Engineer Hello my iPhone does not currently support the nfc Integrated Metro card does not swipe inbound travel is currently under ask related questions should I address Thank You
Search for the latest software from the headset birlikde no sound
Were Good
Hello I would like to know why, since the new update the battery will discharge rapidly
When iPhone x APP software can have full screen
"Why can't I download this Apple support app to pay 36
Why can't I download this Apple support app to pay 36
Why can't I download this Apple support app to pay 36
Why can't I download this Apple support app to pay 36

why I have two serial number
why I have two serial number
why I have two serial number
service said to look recording document recording of this document when will the results of
what I would also like to
ask how long, I would also like to
ask a few times 101 I would also like to make several calls to you"
Hi ÊI just wanted to thank everyone at apple for all the priceless help they have given me in the past. With there knowledge and experience they have always given me the best solutions Ê. For free thanks all of you! Truly # 1
Amina yapacaginin guncellemenin koyim.yillardir urunlerini kullabiyorum but this final.defective ipod sattiniz ustine siktigimin iOS 11 i humanitarian delirtiyo.bi message is sending me a sinking airconditoning yollamiyor gorw gets locked.continuously gives resetlemekten biktimm now
This is not my eye for,
I was looking for information on why I needed verification code to sign in to my Apple TV. When I received the code I did not know where to sign the code in.
I would like the book a Genius Bar appointment in line.
How degi_tirme iCloud account and what are the results? (Backups are deleted? Something like the phone is deleted??) makele you post about it is best for a
How do I save pictures on Facebook that were mailed to me
No Chats more possible callback groove still possible? Unfortunately, the app as a result, the functional scope has deteriorated significantly. A pity, Apple also builds from!
After the last _OS 11.3 Update Phone Sapõttõ. iPhone 6s 65% charge my phone while listening to music on the phone 3 Used Application When lowering the self-closed and opened _arjõmda fell to a 10%. Very Sana but true. Correct the Immediately this Error This Few
Why does the hand the value failure?
"Hi,
Is there any way I can pass on some feedback around my various contacts with Apple advisors this week in relation to the problems I had with my Mac?
Cheers,
Jeff."
I need to talk to a representative.
SMS sequencing issue on iOS 11.3. Sms are not getting unread and New messages are not coming on top.
I want to drop my fÕn computer off at the Apple Sore. ÊYou make it impossible to find a link
"Help support


Support"
Excelente
Middle button twice l_õyor cause pressure
"The payment will be billed to the Apple Care Plus subscribers, but the call center to receive support in a very severe, goes into the phone was cut off. In a world where there is such a bad response to the support center
, the women say digestion takagawa representative asked for proper accountability."
"Hello

I have a iPhone X, when I spoke on the phone and I want my phone in diagonal (away from my lips ) The people do not hear me not.

Can you help me to find a solution

with or without shell same symptom since i"
How old and who is in sync
Hello, I can not put my password in my Apple TV
Wireless charge for iPhone X not working on beta
i accidently bought an in app puchase for Toy Story for 21.79, coyld this pkese be reversed
No way to make an appointment with Genius Bar.
Good
"An experience to remember because it was useless to arrive since then having to send Apple Swatch, could inform that could be done directly from home .

Waiting time extra time 39'"
"iOS 11.3 in iPhone X / iPad Pro

Twitter crashes everytime I attempt to tweet a newstory from Flipboard."
Hello i am Alexander Diz
How I cancal the payment of itune £11.99 that I never ask for I need to cancal it
How can I get my watch to thump me when I get a text?
I purchased Apple storeden application 4.99 TL me in march and the site of one of the cuts n Faturamda 4.99 TL o fee again and again how this is an iterative process took us to a friend what are you going to do i am not understood soyacakmisiniz Apple launched a court case against you this does not suit the required level will
"With the new software update My phone extremely stutters. It is extremely restless and i may no longer be in apps. Hope you will fix the problem as soon as it is because it is really annoying wen there is nothing more to do!
I have the mobile phone"
This is an amazing app! Although some people werenÕt really helpful, the service is awesome!
Delete
"The search engine problems/errors is very slow.
Is it not possible to make an appointment for repair without prior contact with consultant? There are obvious things (break) that do not need someone to confirm that it is in need of repair."
The magnets can affect the telephone or damage
The current version of the iOS 11.3 was met with an error. Error when i phone to airplane mode when it should be cut off the telephone network connection. Airplane mode icon with the active call alabiliyorum. I wanted to share with you this error. Good work.
Recently i want to buy for $7.99 and they rejected me since I have made several purchases and i get that does not correspond to the card data that i and is not as well ,please i need help and a response. Thank you.
Plllleeeease make Siri smarter. I find that ÒassistantÓ completely useless. It doesnÕt complete searches based on my location at all. ÊItÕs more frustrating than anything. Think google folks, okay?
I am looking for the case number from 3-8-2018. I purchased a new iPhone8 and needed help backing it up. The account was 214-797-4341. The senior advisor helped with this but I need to speak to someone about the steps she took on my laptop. I canÕt find t
The fingerprint to unlock the feature useless
Why is there not a simple way to schedule a call or an appointment????? This is infuriating.
The ITunes gift card I bought is already redeemed
Send me an e-mail to re confirm my password Please Serge
This battery is upgraded into a shutdown
Apple Pay binding display card is not valid question bank said no problem.
"This app ÒApple SupportÓ is a perfect way to report problems on any of your devices or your software. 

Thank you

Jon Yaralian"
IÕm trying to set up an appointment at GeniusBar and thereÕs no way to do it.
I would very much like to know that much, why is shielded from me, that such as third-party fast charger non-forced the people to go out and buy a set of 528 Apple fast charger charger third-party does not excuse the safety bar take a look at the other side of the Zhou mobile phone comes with a charger cook is really too pull the charger is connected to our buying would also like to buy Apple's expensive die _
I
The Service Manual
"Why did you feel it necessary to add a step to delete a message ?
ItÕs annoying and more time consuming"
It is pathetic how hard you have made it to get to the genius bar reservation. ÊApparently the person designing the web sight is a touch off of being a genius. ÊSad
Why is the frequent occurrence recently told me to visit iTunes Store
You are good.
Cant book any apple shop to repair the watch
I am amazed with the ridicularidade of Apple!! I will never buy a cell phone that mark, where I have only 2 months with him, and a manufacturer's error comes, and I have no right to my warranty! This is a shame for you! My cell phone iPhone 7 Black
All the four non-cannot find the current position in the situation.
Where do we sign in?
"An error is displayed, and you do not have access to support information.
For example, the following such trends.

[Transition]
support is available to hackers, Inc. >> Apple Apple Forgot ID password, you


cannot connect to the down arrow [Message] Apple support
, please try again later
, Inc.
is the domain of the appe ID meeee"" occurs when the .tokyo"". There is also the possibility of otherwise not available at all, so I want to solve."
"The recent history shows Only one of the three sessions I have had chats with yesterday.
I was chatting with 3 people. Only the 1st one has a transcript. IÕd like to know where the other transcripts are?.was then on the phone to Apple in Miranda then to a"
"Hello
ask for reimbursement of the application installed by mistake. I await Contact Thank you"
We got an email today saying there was suspicious activity on our app account. It gave an order number of 1FA3UHFUZ and doc #485485818156. The charge was approximately 54 or 56 dollars. It was not our charge. Can U check this for us?
Thank you for free back
"iPhone 6 plus replacement batteries, but also want this application to enroll for shipping replacement it may be worthwhile for you
, this app from the Mac was lodging and you will not be able to. Genius Bar appointments are only possible until next week, but I can't always full in the reservation state."
I want to talk with customer service
"The other day, I received the following e-mail. My iTunes is frozen? or this is a bogus email from the site?


See the customer
this is a security system for automatic message.
This message is for more than 48 hours to verify the account information of Apple, has the time to be sent.

Currently, the Apple in the customer's account information has not been confirmed.
Therefore the customer's iTunes account is frozen.

If you wish to unsubscribe to the stop of the account, the account re-configuration. Lake"
I ask the cancellation and reimbursement of the application waterlogged, because the purchase was made wrong. I look forward
I want to unlink my iPhone four that the same account of what I have in the iCloud iPhone eight, so I want the iPhone 4s is without the data for my account Apple.
"You are getting pathetic. I buy a 10, synchronize and only 20% of my tunes come over. I have to Through each artist to have the music on a 10. You are be oning a pain. Never easy eac time I get a new device. For the price this should not happen 

This may"
The most user unfriendly and difficult app is the Apple support app. ItÕs ironic. Even if I log into my iTunes Store account it is so difficult to find what I want!
"How can I use amarth40@icloud.com throughout my iPad and iPhone X without the albert_marth@yahoo.com popping up?
I
The problem being if I try to use the albert_marth@yahoo.com a note comes up that reads closed for security reasons just as it did when I as"
"I go to recent history then account to delete a renewal and nothing happens. Please contact me either email or messaging I wish to stop or delete renewal subscription to free tone go 27 March 2019
thank you"
Fuck you apple, I cannot use my fucking iphone refubrish.... thank you and fuck you very much
The Hong Kong version of the Apple mobile city has no direct marketing shop to Hong Kong and Macao to the warranty experience is very poor
I have a Match.com purchase on my iTunes account that I didnÕt authorize. ÊIÕve send them several messages on their site stating this, with no results. ÊMy iTunes account will not pull up for some reason, and everything IÕve tried isnÕt working. ÊPlease h
Unable to book
The response is too slow to call was not connected
Ios11.3 serious power.
It is month a month that I bought a iPad and already a new output that in addition is compatible with the Pencil call. Have known i would have waited before the buy.
I can not buy from the store
iPhone X to set privacy photographs and photo during use, still unable to display the picture information such as longitude and latitude coordinates of the camera information, etc.
Hello, my mobile phone from indoor to outdoor or from the exterior to the interior of the mobile phone input method will not be able to tune out too good a will to recover what is wrong
the facebook broadcast doesnÕt work
Customer service is very good.
Please inform may order a battery replacement at the time. Thank You
It changes made to me like people are using our data..
"In the middle of the Chinese people texting less and less now about 90 per cent of the message is spam Apple has to focus on this work out so many tricks have actual meaning it
is just a quick delete all SMS functionality no this is not a very absurd anyway
looking at the mobile phone in the world which does not have a Delete All SMS function which is not a close all open programs are now only Apple mobile phones.
The phone must meet the phone, text messages and the Internet's basic functionality but in these three areas apple do the worst regret.
The team then why not willing to understand the market must be the history of reverse it
if the phone's basic functions are not improving 180 days later Apple mobile phone sales will be reduced by 30%. The _ or not."
There is an urgent need to improve after-sales services to book phone never reply.
The World Download Update Now to download the APP before it through the fingerprint scanning a slower response right
The advisor was very helpful in every way the only problem is the long wait time to get an advisor to chat with! Other than that perfect service and very friendly indeed
Why does the United States have no English
"I

wonder why the AirPods does not appear."

Home kit keeps flagging my Philips vue lights as not responding? Its crap
I donÕt own a iPhone 6
"I have a problem with the Apple aktivitats-app and find no contact partner.
It is the recognition of the motion Additional Chal Leng for the months of February and March 18. although i have achieved according to their own records would give me n"
"Very disappointed with the apple battery junk phone card fatal

appointment time and change the battery I have to wait for three hours

is also not in the shop to stay in

three hours, not including the time back and forth

a break is so troublesome"
"Very disappointed with the apple battery junk phone card fatal

appointment time and change the battery I have to wait for three hours

is also not in the shop to stay in

three hours, not including the time back and forth

a break is so troublesome"
"Very disappointed with the apple battery junk phone card fatal

appointment time and change the battery I have to wait for three hours

is also not in the shop to stay in

three hours, not including the time back and forth

a break is so troublesome"
"Very disappointed with the apple battery junk phone card fatal

appointment time and change the battery I have to wait for three hours

is also not in the shop to stay in

three hours, not including the time back and forth

a break is so troublesome"
The efficiency of the processing of the results soon. I am very satisfied
Have some chat for support?
Some people do not call you have the convenience of calling features does the manual is not good?
Does not Apple Store
Your customer service is too mentally challenged the bar _ to be diligently training at the...
My phone's high, why does the map navigation could be a way to put all my settings look right
I would like to refund
Why should I change the contact.
When the app purchase deduction deduction has been 3 times cant download does not display the Purchase Records
Quick answer me
I am of the ld is often out of what?
Why do I always have to initiate back ups using ÔBackup nowÕ?my phone does not auto back up
He _ _ bargrv Figure 8 day workers
11.3 version mobile phone signal is very poor regular callers cannot hear me
Hello I have to change phone number
Back to where we were getting the appointment to come forward on both beds -able yenileyebiliyorum appointments in its place if the refresh button for easy appointment shores stretch out your fingers on the other everything good health
I am on 0707 603 604. Not 0823 1040 Right Now
"Need to change my contact number. The phone number you have no longer exists. My number is +5215559895075
Thank you"
Please return the diagnostics Watch the report the problem and it is a normal yapabilelim.
Just found my iPhone was switch to a double when I forgot to take it with me on a good run . I wanted you to know this phone will not log me in to find my iPhone as the other one will, do why? I tried with the same password I used on this application but
Mxf1n8vf6k this order for the money to a value less than account
All serial numbers do not work
The watch is not on time
I x ringing tone should become the default ringtone settings but still I would set the tone for the other restart it is good for going on
Bad
"Who do I contact to let them know about CHILD pornography I found in an App ? I took a few screen shots to prove it. I donÕt want to send the proof to just anyone due to the sensitive nature . But IÕm sure this is not allowed
??
Please contact me ideally"

Do not reset my security questions
"Good day! My Apple Pencil not charging more! I tried all the ways and the battery does not exceed 3% of load.
I used a few times and I am surprised by this, could help me?"
IÕm not receiving my mail anymore again not receiving any Apple news it was going into the trash but now itÕs gone from the trash .. IÕm telling my mom if you canÕt fix this??
No where to set up a mail in repair and on website when you set up mail in repair issue not listed and no way to add side note .
Lasting avbokar its time??
"Hello
i thought after the update of the media player to play the following behind each other but nah.
I am still a bit and then I guess I'll have to go to the Amazon Media Store"
"To sum up the Poor Poor Poor Review Best USA headquarters is looking at

my story is not explained here, to track the information if it is not possible to trace or do not know you already know the first difference of better known as the most user friendly technology company should not be able to clearly record customer interaction can only be in the voice said to the recording of

cross-sectoral selection is the second difference of your company too much we do not know we only know that the Apple entity shop and voice-to-voice service units of the respective work information is different and not how do we know we have to be able to immediately clear all questions and proficient in every step of the way to find you from this sector to the sector, let us wait and repeated description is a unique customer experience a

third difference of the bureaucratic system of voice service"
Hang problem in I phone x some time contact crash problem
Pls call
The handset is noisy
A
Please include sessions im Apple stores
I bought Apple Care through this app but there was no option to use Apple Pay
I would like to suggest the inclusion of location service in the quick menu.
This iPhone when recording videos by his camera it does not sound, but using third party applications like Instagram snap, for example the sound is normal. Why
Super !!!
As a user of iPhone Apple, specifically, I make a suggestion of an aspect to improve, it would be the screen shot, which i see absurd to have to do it with two hands, when other less important and well-known marks with a simple gesture manua
Id back to disable
I want to thank you for Battery Maintenance
"100484001948 it is up-to-date case number

so much, so long is not able to deal with the case should not be handling does not reach out to our own contact and each has a different customer service does not see information to our own memories and report the situation ask your records and the recording of the model works?"
Ever since I got my Iphone 7 plus undisable on March 19, 2018. The apps being saying waiting and now today all my apps say loading. I had to go back to a pervious time to before I was able to use my iphone 7 plus once again. My account I think is hacked a
This is just disgraceful and ridiculous my iPhone is still speaking the wrong language even after this newest iOS 11.3 I even had registered case number 100398406935 as well I sent a recorded message of the wrong language my iPhone is speaking to another
Will not accept my security questions have tried several times same questions same answers.
"How much does a battery for a iPhone 7
because in the morning at the 100%100 of goes to work and when it comes to 15'30 h if you use it to you have a 45 percent
and the cell has19 months"
Why does not detect that the battery score I just swap battery
I dream of the day tour of the value cannot buy what they need support
Hope can have recently deleted records option
The experience that I have is uptime data
You cannot switch between countries and regions in China only
Tell us about your experience
The sound is too low as a result of why
I was on the watch, call Customer Service for a total of six individuals is not a phone off of the high point of the so-called experts and I have the same thing basically describes the six times they have failed to resolve the final i Internet of their own _ groping. I think the phone off is broken will not be continued. The problem is the so-called experts are not good, white to their salaries will not solve the problem finally said the man my table can only be to the 2.2.2 version cannot be upgradedÉ is not good, the trick is all about dÉÉ Let me go to after-sales service see if you can get a different trick question which I would like to after-sales service call me wukesong bar told me a 400 Universal Phone asked the significance of this evening nearly two-hour phoneÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ and then?
My Apple 7 is A1660 model of apple that can recall, the possibility of recall
"Hello my phone is
because the system input error 0966705768 how can i fix
please help address Thank You"
I have lost my email usage and the mail Icon Êon desktop and I am unable to restore incoming mail and outgoing mail for about a week
Really Good. It will be much better if this app could fully support in Vietnam
Since bought a iPhone x really I regret that the app is not supported small screen to the poor has been a long time and still does not improve the game The game almost no support the iPhone x is too wide to sell me something support with half price is so expensive it is no wonder that market. For example Paradise - revolution iPhone buy x has been flash and simply not up to 170 years of the first half of the year should be changed to say that it has improved the account today is not a minute also die when I would like to ask why the ios does not support to assist in handling the user on how to enhance the confidence of the ios. Let me this small fruit Mini is very disappointing. Conscience Recommendations
"I received an iMessage on my iPad. 
ItÕs asking me for my Apple ID and my password. Ê
The iMessage does not appear on my iPhone. 
It is safe to open it ?"
This is not my phone number. How do I change it? How do I make a Genius Bar appointment?
The problem is resolved.
Personal Mobile phone number to be displayed is 79.
China Telecom
I donÕt understand no activity Êin 90 days and why am I getting billed two times for I tunes when I paid for a year than I switch cause I wanted family plan iTunes
Call was 30 mins after arranged
"11.3 are eligible for the battery runs out quickly.
The percentage of the battery when the phone off and displays the various
Before updating the good"
I could not update the app is supporting herself, the number of cards to purchase iTunes. Also currently stalled, 62 are not able to update the ratings. Please answer as soon as possible.
Very helpful
Looking for an online customer support is not found. They would like to ask how the phone operating
Hello good i wanted to know the difference of the iPad Air 2 wifi 64gb to the new iPad that has just come out of 349Û I would like to know if you have any difference because i would like to buy new ones. I hope to answer many thanks.
6s for the battery, do not display the maximum capacity of the problems.
"The Lock screen to remove the Live Photo can blur the effect
or allow the user to choose whether to blur the
because I October or 2-D code is set to blur the Live Photo. It depends on.
The trouble of _ _"
There are many bug IOS11.3 video gestures cannot increase or decrease the volume opens the folder drop-down notification bar wallpaper is dimmed a couple seconds unhook the lock screen state 3dtouch cannot use the left and right of the screen to be used temporarily so much hope that the adoption of the
I made a $4.99 purchase but it debuted my account $10.49 how is that possible?
Excellent attention and service.
My iPhone 8 Plus destroy from 11.3 update battery life so poor .
Possible book the date because change ______
Hello a purchase c is done without that gives my agreement 21 EURO! For a game that do?
"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas"
Update the ios11.3 official version of the system, the system camera portrait mode failed
"Following standard change in Apple Store my product must be under manufacturer warranty
please see"
Upgrade 11.3 phone unexpected shutdown restart after half an hour to restart on three occasions.
"I love in the product Apple but I noticed that the operation that does not have the safety
i share the position every time to the development and the _,
I understand that on what hazards in the web _ but I have received light from the web that it can verify that is the power of what's
,"
My battery health cannot open has been on the go
ItÕs really annoying that the app tries to funnel into 30 minute phone calls or even longer store visits, which take forever, and hides the faster chat option. For widespread problems like iPhone battery replacements itÕd be nice if I could just schedule
It should be possible to schedule work in the app rather than having to call the store, get bounced through hold queues, dropped calls, etc. IÕm currently 40 minutes into trying to schedule a battery replacement which I could have completed in a couple mi
Facing network failures issue
My x has been tampered with again... there is a person who keeps over riding my account.. if anyone could help get back to me
How do I unlock my iTunes
iPhone x really many problems before buying a three-day touch screen auto-click or touch screen is not working according to service personnel to Restore Software three days later, the issue still persists
"Dxcdresedwowsswdjedhdhheheheirirurjrhtrhrrhrurhrdkke
Evoc—. Ê

S_. 
iOS update shouldp"
They agreed to pick me up from the screen of the Apple Watch and took almost a month waiting for the collection
Why does my ID out of the
My Address To change I am at 14 rue Carnot 37500 Chinon Thank You
I donÕt see my AppleCare purchases (in my account) for my HomePod, Apple Watch or MacBook Pro.
I bought my IPhoneX on 12 March, and I noticed that the battery it is not lasting as the battery of my brother who has the same cell phone, bought my cell phone in the Nisei shop in Paraguay, and also realized that behind him is writing Apple Bookcrossing in C
"Hi! I just wanted to thank Gourav for helping me out today with some questions i had. I always have good experiences with Apple Chats but this is by far the most lovely interaction iÕve had! 
I hope yall are having a great day :)
Laurence"
Arab
Create a software update to hide the notch. ÊÊGive a black background to make the notch go away. ÊSo that it gives the appearance that there is no notch.
This app is extremely useful I love it thankyou
I want to know my hakeado iPhone has been
"Free app, down 6.18 suddenly decides that the pay-per-view screen is inadvertently paid $109.99 without significant cost information was this payment can be canceled and no more than $100 in a simple emoticon credit amount, don't understand that Iran does not make mistake is to improve.
In addition, the portion of the payment will cancel request"
"Hi. Hope you can help or direct me. 
Have been receiving emails from APPLE stating that there have some attempts to use my account and directing me to Ôsign in and give info to ÒproofÓ my account. So far have deleted these but am wondering if you have a t"
CanÕt select Switzerland!
Good evening I am very disappointed because there is not on the Watch the analysis of sleep is what exists a thank you
3756437564AB
When selecting any of the issues for the HomePod, being able to book an appointment at the Genius Bar is greyed out for all options, even for physical damage issues. Whether youÕre encouraging customers to do everything via mail to home service is unclear
List Genius appointment as an option
Just noting that my phone had a sim error again. So IÕm going to Tmobile for a new sim Monday
So far only bad experiences. 3 Fault during the Warranty and Apple would not help. (Without external fault)
"Hi,
IÕm trying to sign in with Apple password which was o.k years ago; yet now is rejected by several ""AppsÓ
Please help me resolve the problem , and regain validity?
Thank you,
Evelyn Denue"
I would like an apple person to help me get all my files sorted I have everything everywhere across 5 devices and itÕs doing my head in
Ios11.3 power too quickly, the system less smooth ios10
"My Face ID stopped working
From Nothing has stopped, I would like to know how i position before the situation."
Wireless and Bluetooth on in the center of the control button is pressed when the button is pressed again, such as the current standby mode if the packs will bow down completely when pressed again. In this way the battery can be used for a long time.
The APP application on account of not
Would you update my phone number it is 406 451 1089
The battery is not scheduled Ah......
everything is too general, i need to change the phone number on my apple account profile but i dont see that option anywhere?
Need help with changing the phone on this account also passwords on laptop and cell phone also to block a person on my gmail account. Thank you. Do I need appointment at the Apple store?
Terrible chat experience. Kept disconnecting saying network error. Waited 30 mins to speak to a ÒseniorÓ advisor and then the chat just disconnected and Apple didnÕt try and contact me back.
I used my iPhone few minutes ago and I saw an alert message appeared in Êgeneral which was reminding me the iCloud is full and suggested to buy a plan for HKD 8 per month. ÊI intended to quit by press the Home bottom but accidentally activated the Touch I
Hello is giving me the camera but when I put in the Portrait mode is cloudy, there is nothing to see, q can i do
Email is not better than yesterday came in at all.
I have a problem with the two purchases made for 15.99 or what ever the price was. ÊI didnÕt make them and I want them removed from my account. Thank you Tamara
I canÕt figure out how to change my charge card!!
They can not really turn off WiFi and Bluetooth in Control Center of iOS. ÊPlease correct it.
Why is it always prompts iPhone have not been prompt and then press it prompts one night after the update is not
Hello, thank you for the attention, but after struggling for more than 24 hours without receiving SMS regularly fixed the problem
It is no spam mail filter in mail app of iOS, but MacOS. ÊPls add-on. 'Tis.
"The password for my iTunes account keeps telling me ÒVerification Failed. ÊAn unknown error occurred.Ó Ê

I have reset it multiple times, and I keep getting this error. ÊI cannot get past this. ÊI cannot backup my phone or anything. Ê

What do I do?"
Hi,I accidentally pushed game clash of clans...go to my phone bill...can help me thank you
Change telephone number
The 11.3 version is always automatically turn off the volume to mute mode
I donÕt know which update it was, but now when I get a response from a text, the response text goes above mine, so sometimes I donÕt know the person ever responded. ÊItÕs annoying. ÊIt should go I order.
Apple 8P update 11.3, a night with a popping sound is a lot less but micro-or rather there is the king of glory of the heating power is much more than I have bought a four-month mobile phone battery should be 98 per cent there is so rubbish?
The gentleman I spoke with over the phone was very friendly and helped me with my Bluetooth issues.
This is to inform you that the battery that I changed is worst than the old one, I have called the apple to feedback but the woman put me to service centre and to date no respond from you, I will go down to apple orchard centre to do the exchange When I a
I donÕt know who to talk to about charges for app I purchased that did not work and I had to delete
"Employee's response is too evil.
You can also take over does not work well, if you aren't sure about the alternative to specialist, but it also takes more time to viewers.

Click here to listen to the story in the first place because it does not confer also complained about the same thing numerous times and is extremely frustrating to explain it.

I really put an end to."
I want to know if in the shops of you I can change the stack to a iPhone 5c and its cost thanks
https://itunes.apple.com/ca/podcast/the-current-from-cbc-radio-highlights/id151487761?mt=2&i=1000407669798
Why not skip network
How can you upgrade your phone memory
Why do I occasionally hop network
Id be deactivated for the activation process too cumbersome to obviously have a password, do not want to use the apple.
Do you kno da wae?
When is lazy apple techs going to do about that hacker at microsoft in alpharetta ga he is the one who puts all this garbage on my phone
How long can the official Apple 11.3 Upgrade.
Barbarism is not how the value of the work on the abolition of the value bar yesterday.
I want to complaint case number 100496925528
Needs the ability to delete purchases from hidden purchases
You can do a genius bar appointment date subscription push reminded me of my PC and a few months will not be able to repair it is because every time about genius bar do not have the time can be selected to be robbed of cattle. I hope the apple team focused on this issue. Thank You
How to activate the iPad
AssistiveTouch IOS11 in the first version of the update later to begin a change to the click to expand the menu. But for a long time been accustomed to AssistiveTouch used is not very good to adapt to this change. I think that the system should adapt to the user's habit of your company's innovation has always been the industry benchmark in innovation, however, the system should respect the user's personality is not directly available to the user does not take into account the unilateral comfortable to change. If your company does not accept the traditional AssistiveTouch operation so your company can be in the new IOS updates, for the operation of AssistiveTouch personalisation. The user can choose assistive setting.
To change the phone number to access is not on South Korea
Get Support
How do I make a suggestion to iBooks?
iMovie music too little local music copyright protected how to add music to the iMovie
When playing a game of hot and then all of a sudden the screen dims automatically adjust are off. After the machine has cooled down to normal brightness
The updated 11.3 Battery Power Fast
In the lower right corner of the speaker suddenly no sound may be returned
An invoice of 99 cents not pay, how do I pay?
It is recommended that you can blur the background.
Today, on Easter, I had a problem and called in and was hung up on by a supervisor, I hadnt sworn or been personally rude in anyway to the Êrep. I used to work in a call center and I hope that Supervisor gets fired. ÊI have filed a complaint with the bett
Sometimes unable to connect to the mobile network
There is no water to drink, service attitude is not warm, the so-called engineers are too small to install a system waiting for a morning.

"Re: iPhone X portrait mode 

It's been a while now and I was hoping it would be fixed by now but portrait mode needs to be fixed. The background gets way too blurry or gobbles up stuff you don't want to get blurred. 

One of my friends could be just a lit"
Ios11.3 unlock excessive unnatural feel _? ? É iPhone 7
To find your location
"On iPhone 6s after using 11.3 I see that sometimes as I come in from the locked screen the window view is shifted down by about 2 inches but recovers after about 1min.
Seems a bug"
Can we chat with a collaborator Apple for questions?
I dropped the phone toward the screen disappears, then the camera function (cell), and fresh skills and games a lot slower when it is a dab the noise is not audible tone and yes _ _ noise now.
The phone book that is 2 minutes and 20 minutes have not to wait until the current situation
This app doesnÕt connect/update with my Apple Watch repair status, which was done in person at the Apple Store. WhatÕs the point?
"Hi,
By mistake I have bought an application called 30 days with AED 36.99, then you have debited my account with the same amount three times at 3,22,24 March, if possible please refund all three transactions or at least the additional two."
Easy-to-understand
"* The Reading List
about online shopping, save it as a page to your Reading List. Saved Page to open again, and completely different page opens."
Ethernet card is slow
"* For information on your Account page
, then why don't my Qantas ho or family (my husband), phone number, and the account is changed. My phone number is not displayed.

*Update
If the update to register the contacts (FAMILY) of my friends have all registered disappeared."
Upgrade 11.3 later on is not a stroke is hands-on and write more letters are out of order by the non-reactive
Apple Music, induction of the fish "maybe, I want to add the wind" music video.
You are the customer service call for half an hour. I did not resolve the issue
101098150@Seu.edu.cn mailbox of the recipient only and should not be used as a sending mail to
You guys think the average person can think like a genius! How about you make this easy for the average buyer? I believe that would increase your target market & also bring in people from the less iQ type??
"Animoji lacks tongue animation 
Please add this animation effect to animoji. When I pull out my tonge the animojis doesnt do the same."
Hallo dear Workers at Apple support, We really hope from your respectful company to add the country code of Libya ( +218...) to the countries list in AppleÕs certification system so that we can use and protect our idevices properly and also could take a f
I had the worst customer service ever. My MacBook surface has gone back to bare metal and I take utmost care and respect as it is the most expensive device I own. I went in store today and the manager Êrefused to fix the issue or even appease me I waited
I have replaced the battery it does not go. Power consumption is quite fast what
I found the update 11.3 screen read has no sound.
My girlfriend has access to everything please stop or becomes from a iamb EI number 355790072405720 please stop her thank you
Please help me, thank you
i want too buy and click action and froom and nick name and visa bank and shop free forever
Want to downgrade to the ios1011 too card the system.
Tell us about your experience
"I phone is the best I purchased 156 telephone for Complementery for my co in 2016 
I use 7 iPhone with my personal use
I phone 7, one
i 6, 2 noÕs
I 5s 2 nos
I 5 , 2 nos 
And all my workers use the I phone 
My I 7 is always problems your service center exc"
"I would like to cancel the subscription of iTunes
and as by chance impossible
can you help me?"
My phone update 11.3, power too fast for one night only 94 per cent of the

The phone update 11.3 a new height micro letter of notification received money and then all watch video what's all automatic mute must also have their own manual on sound...
I am not receiving notifications WhatsApp
"I love Apple products and bought the iPhone X. IÕm gonna sell it directly again because I dislike the ÒGesichtserkennungÓ. 

And I dislike the size - now it became too big and too heavy. I activated my iPhone 7 again and IÕm happy. 

Will wait for a small"
"What rotten app, booking 101 shop 4/3 to 4/2 battery in a call to confirm that could help change the battery you want to use the telephone booking can only app appointments cannot guarantee that a volume
that APP doing well the battery replacement options user since the official app can reserve to date
does not represent your company on the customer order is complete will the customer to replace the first thing done
to be stocked up to the date of the appointment time for guests to complete the repair.
Find a battery is not less money also to be difficult is really bad and the"
How do I view the My Account
GIMME MORE COVARAGE
The Printer Does Not Upgrade 11.3
Update to the latest version of the system, is not able to link non-Apple TV now include Bluetooth, the screen image.
11.3 bug: You cannot turn off the wall paper of the fluoroscopy mode the notification bar drop-down, sometimes it does not move to the left the small dot back
Thanks for the support via ÔchatÕ good to get advice and I like the record of the chat that is stored on my history.
iPhone X update to the ios11.3 power after the exception than ios11.2.6 consumes far too many
Hello! I would like to make a suggestion for the upcoming iOS Updates. It would be very useful to be able to activate/deactivate the dark/night mode from the control center. It would be much easier and simple, rather than going into Settings
Not your mother does not give refund on the
Activate the lock is locked
"Hello Team Apple,

I had a small question is-what the new Apple Pencil for the new iPad is compatibe with the iPad Air, air2, Mini etc...

Thank you cordially

Cinar Burhanettin"
But the functioning Klolanmõ_ devices by the imei for the fault to be resolved in terms of customer satisfaction is very good olcaktõr.

Why does the account number and My phone's real cell phone number but nevertheless to
iPhone 7 boards of the batch fails during the warranty period for the invoice cannot be processed.
"6 8 will be changed from earlier.
1 Not Know backup without having to know a second set in the au gang were
allÉ 8 disappeared.
F  sbook traveller to go back to help launch the FB
If Backup does not have to suffer strange... Up Center was set up was the guidance was received from one of the very helpful daytime
nighttime up center thank you for the
traveller's gang is also more detail in au if after the good?- Kitamura
to shore the lowest.
To support the proper people. Machida City Marui fifth floor the
lowest gang"
Sometimes the web page does not open
I would like to start an online chat, however I donÕt seem to have this available to me.
The mobile phone card, want to downgrade
7p Upgrade to 11.3, power is likely to heat up faster.
It looks like your phone people have reached the data and waylaid the signal to edit?
"Hello I cannot do the backup on my iPhone since October 2017 what should i do
i will thank you"
Deduction of payment to purchase additional memory, please,
I bought Apple care to ensure IÕd be able to replace my iPhone X if I cracked the screen. It happened and IÕm now trying to book an appointment to replace it. The closest available appointment is 1 week from today. This is utter bullshit. There is no poin
What q antivirus applications are recommended for the iPhone?
"Hello,
I received an email from Apple Store Australia as what I had made a purchase of 53$ out I have never made a purchase and this morning and watching my accounts I have an unknown flow of $55 which would correspond to this transaction
Thank You to return v"
All the mls shop orders are not sent for repair
The most recent gšrŸ_tŸgŸm temailciden _ikayetciyim 3 times but i wanted to address this shows how people did not help unfortunately representative alõ_õrõrsnz murat
First Samsungdan õponeye evi_ all problems but it seems like i have not help kõmsede benm
Everything is great thank you
"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas"
Thanks a lot
Updated the 11.3 is a video card, not horizontal screen, battery power consumption increases. May I ask how you solve
I don't get the notifications of Instagram. How can i add this app to Notifications? Before I arrived but since i made the setting you told me from the technical support I have not returned to receive them
This mobile phone is a waste 11.3 system one and a half hours and 60 per cent of the voltage does not know you, the bankrupt!
Ios11 horizontal screen mode at a time when both sides of the white side effects of typing to change back into a full screen
I will not be able to networking
"No one is calling super but i get a mail where it says I was not to achieve
Thank You"
"_Good morning, I hope from your esteemed company to add Libya to the countries in the Apple options so that we can protect ourselves from thieves and hackers why Libya does not add with the rest of the 
_Countries"
Im not happy with the Game .. Many players did take adventage of the Market they have ovr from 125-164 and did spend not one cent and i did onlly this Season give more then 2000Û its not fair and i want My money back its youÕre mistake That they ruine the
"Order number
MTT6YFGS3K in my web page to report the problem. reply within 5 minutes I have no incoming calls."
The customer service pre-processing capacity needs to be strengthened
At iOS 11 iPhone SE kullanõcõsõyõm and there is something i hate the wifi and bluetooth u to turn on or turn off any of the settings from the logic of this how to respond to the bi
Two Watsapp keyboard letter i has good work
How to find a customer service

In Òchange locationÓ it donÕt exist Spain and is not possible change the language to spanish. Thks
Live support is not a big problem.
The possibility of setting up a Apple Pay metro card complaints Feedback Line
It seems to me fatal appel (technical support)!! Is q is not normal after paying a telephone as expensive as this (iPhone) and when a problem occurs don't look.. q tell you a person of the store q can not meet q i downloaded the applied
"My experience is a disaster. It was not my concern was taken care of.
If you want to know more can i give you the e-mail history.
Request for a quote on 17 February 2018. Since then with several su"
A easier way to access the rescheduling screen is needed on the Apple Support app. Also, I canÕt find where to select an Apple store. Very confusing.
I put fifty dollars on my iTunes account last week and havenÕt made one purchase but, all money had been spent this had been going on for a few months now with no solution IÕd like to find out where my money is going if IÕm not spending it
The mobile phone always cause sometimes _ to call the phone stuck directly to the mobile phone instantly to super-card sometimes phone calls for two cases turned over to the sticking point, sometimes just a moment stuck they have in common is that this time the 00:01
"Good morning, I hope from your esteemed company to add Libya to the countries in the Apple options so that we can protect ourselves from thieves and hackers why Libya does not add with the rest of the 
Countries"
Data Destruction
I called in authorised Apple on 203 South On My Mac and informed me that i would have to take the note. But I have not found the box from my phone and the number noted that is still in warranty. I then wonder why so much bureaucracy? And if there is
I need the google appt on my phone
Hello How to correct the telephone information?
Apple notebook file safe is what game has been finished off the Encryption Encryption is the encryption to power supply
I am in the kyung dong shopping mall to buy new iPhone 8 serial number F4GVT85ZJC6F discovered that there is no charger only charging cables. You can check out the background, although I have other apple charger but the new Apple mobile phones are not allotted charger, my phone number 15898191360
Does not lead to the Internet
Si real cricket 18 game ios me kab relese hoga
I tried to put my other email and it wonÕt go on my iPhone. Can you help me?
why location options DIDNÕT HAVE ÒTAIWANÓ?
The AirPods in the game is not a sound
The battery in the Near
My phone number is no longer correct, but you've changed everything here in the app is still the old to see :(
My experience with learning how to navigate these IPhones and the internet from my standpoint has been a tremendous work for me and I know what IÕm going to do for you guys and my family for a long time I am sure that I will have a good time with my famil
"I need to schedule Genius Bar sessionÕ
Spoke to someone in November 2017 for same issue I am having. Chat help I had today did not fix issue."
Good Day
Good Day
I have a problem with a Apple TV TO1427
Replace the battery, do not display the maximum capacity.
I would like to make a complaint about the authorised the street Tuiuti, Tatuape, S‹o Paulo, people are standing in a waiting for hours, few places are broken all banks without backrest that sink . Always a few people to meet,
IÕm a Creative at R288 Lexington Ky Apple store. ÊMaking a reservation for a Genius Bar appointment should not require a selection of a certain issue. It should be front and center. Customers should not have to seek help on using an app to get the help th
CanÕt find Òcancel reservationÓ option
I have been using it for more than a year since I was an Apple iPhone 8 plus user, but your companyÕs products, such as a large number of apps, are also based on the iPhone X. It looks like it has missed 8/8plus users, iPhone X and 8/8plus released in syn
Since the iPhone himself as the Apple 8 plus user has already been used for more than a year! But your company's products such as large apps is the iPhone X-based. Look Like ignore the 8/8plus user synchronization iPhone X and 8/8plus. I hope your Company 8/8plus envisaged for the user. @ With the i8plus of the user.
I keep trying to have a call with apple. They say they are calling but I donÕt know what number they are calling as IÕm not receiving calls?
Test
CanÕt purchase items In app please call at972-632-6493
"Which Icon to instal to for my library music
I went to App Store. All confusing. 
Thanks Raj"
Why not be able to use the books
"Hi,

I ordered a ring tone by Ed Sheeran ($2.19) but it is acoustic and was the wrong one. I donÕt like it. Did tried cancelling it within second yet I got charged. Please can I cancel and get a refund? I totally didnÕt use it 

Thank you. 

Kind Regards"
Apple Store, keynote lectures have been unable to update, reboot the switch network will not be able to update is to _ status. Keynote4.0 March 27 version.
I am of the iPhone 8Plus rear camera suddenly have an unknown small black circle do not know whether it is a dust can return?
"Hi there, i'm Jenna.
After latest update, I cannot access some websites by Safari. Also some images on websites do not appear or partly appear.
I've just updated both iphone 7 and ipad air2, and there are same problem said above in both devices. I want to"
I had two charges of $199.98. Ronald said that charges were going to be removed from my account. One was but not the other. I appreciated the help that you all gave me, but was wondering when the other $199.98 was going to be credited to my charge card. T
How do I reset my restrictions password ??
Worst app
The value of my app does not have a password. Yesterday, the network card accidentally how to punch a lot of money sorry. I do not want to do if you can. At the time I can call. Thank you,
Top
I'm having problems on the camera back of iPhone reportedly my appliance is among those who had problems. How do I replace??
"Good afternoon,
first of all thank you for the promptness of response to my request of chat startup and I apologize for not having replied to the operator, but i did not know where to find the active chat and then felt that wrote to me, but i did not know where to respond. I s"
It is a new iOS beta and Rui more the creed
IÕm going back
"Hello, I noticed that the phone number in the Apple Support app is different than my actual number. 

The number listed in the Support app is 905-830-2454 but my actual number is 905-830-2457."
"Problem with the application E that has lost a day to the other the function ""direct"" both on pad that iPhone. Or send me since it can no longer have the chain through free or Canalsat....
It is very complicated! Who manages the functionality of applications"
My phone didn't hear the sound
I would like to know the price of the battery of iPhone 6s, already amontada on the phone?
"Wgjtdpath33487251@gmail.com
z2s4y6j8z1zg@mecha.ne.jp
e9e8j7j6q5@docomo.ne.jp
is 09078534460
if
you can search or to reject the application and wasting time."
Has wrong phone number. No way to change it here for support
"iPhone 4 update from the city code is not at all. An example of the 072 instead of 0729. If we can get over the phone which boasts an early fix please.
No problems at all, it is somewhat sad."
"Need help improving my app & phone battery.

Thank you"
I use the i phone since iOS 11 updated : 6s3 is frequently not call and no 4G internet services.
I cannot play videos more miserable for some time and the support is as helpful as a stone
Add songs to the source of the Hoshino.
The Game Pad and use the Iphone and cell phones, but should not be paid it, anyway, to the game pad than cell phones and I use the same account here for the first time I tried to purchase is a purchase is designed?
Would be nice to be able to track a repair status via this app.
I hope to be able to detect the mobile phone online hardware and software technology to detect my sometimes up and down the splash screen splash screen speed is quite fast
Hello,
Why my i phone has a horse of three? Or a cookie?
Live photo shots after taking the picture in picture obscuration normalmi
"Justin on chat was no help and then he cut the chat short and kept saying he hadnÕt heard from me in awhile and I was typing and he
Ended session"
Bitch
Test
Complex
Test
Test
The iPhone 6 when you are dialing the number doesn't give you suggestions or of the various contacts so you don't have to so that you do not have to type the whole number
Got two phones both accounts hacked. One cousin works at iPhone store other in shipping. 8174540429. If I could get security to fix this problem
Test
Test
Got two iPhones x and 7 both have been hacked by some one 8175134608 if security could fix it. Went thru three or four phones because of this.
Test
It is goo but you should call ask the problem people having with equipment and service
_ deliberately an entire sample
Test
Hi I have a idea for people to choose what is private apps that can be in a folder that needs a Touch ID to get in to it for a extra step in privacy.

"I received this email !
What is it ? Scan ??

Thanks.

You have made a purchase on the App Store.

ORDERID: IDKN0T0L
DOCUMENT NO: 541496412657
ORDER DATE: April 02, 2018

Item: 5,000 Diamonds (Mobile Legends: Bang Bang)
Total: Û109,99

Please save and ope"
I just want to book an appointment at my local Genius Bar. This doesnÕt allow that. Why?
I need to schedule a genus bar appointment due to battery change issues
Southern Star's songs to add.
Everything is fabulous, I have no problem with anything and the service is brilliant.
"Create a secure folder like Samsung has to give the ability to hide photos, contacts, and apps. ÊItÕs like have a phone inside a phone. Ê

Create a dual sim iPhone. Ê

Give the ability to add an infinite amount of apps in the dock. Ê

Change photos so tha"
Yonedzu Gemba artists to increase her songs.
Place a button to close all apps when you swipe up. ÊSwiping up for each app can be very time consuming.
Cannot sign in to FaceTime? Tried all any suggestion?
Please convey to increase her song
Good afternoon, because it does not meet any of the authorized stores of Apple here in Goiania, please do i have to change the battery of my smartphone and cannot contact, I look back
Yes
"Add pattern lock like android phones have. Ê

Bring back fingerprint sensor."
Would be good to be able to track repairs from the app!
Please remove the phone # from my account 9152252500
Hello. Call for an appointment for replacement of a iPhone 6s. The appointment by this means was easy and effective. I arrived to the unit where the appointment is scheduled at the time and i received adequate and prompt attention. In fact the delivery date of the advance. I received corr
Then the iPhone 6 which at this moment is very fast and beautiful , but there are times , that I do not understand why you do not disturb on , type when traveling . Then I have to wait to get to your destination to unlock the iPhone
Contacts
Hello, I want a suggestion, I would love to put the portrait in the new update of Apple.
The support app is great, fast responses, good navigation within the app, well executed. 5 star rating
Not received the call at the scheduled time
Never called me.... again why is it is so difficult to make appt please advise me how to make an appointment for Thursday afternoon at 2 oÕclock or to talk to a live person. This is ridiculous said you would call at 4:30 and no phone call later

Hello, before there was an app called video and from this last update no longer appears, and now the videos and movies are reproduced in the new app TV. What I didn't like is that now are not the names of the songs to know that ca
Good evening , I have just received a message from a purchase that was not made, I think it is a fraud to put username and password
I want the informaci—n in francŽs
Depending voudrais me reeinstaler wassap.
"I ask news from battery replacement
request : 20000003452043 practice
and
of which I have no more knew anything. The maximum period were 5 weeks and are about to finish,
you can keep updated?
Many thanks"

App well done only that I cannot tell you an app called TDownloader that to me was illegal and I wanted to ask why is not removed from the Apple Store. Many thanks
"you didn't make this purchase or if you believe an unauthorized person is attempting to access your account, click here to cancel your purchase.
Learn how to Manage your password preferences for iTunes, iBooks and App Store purchases.
Apple ID Sum"
Was garbage my ear pods broke and it was still in the warranty and they wouldnÕt send me another pair. Some of these workers as well have no idea what a jack is and AudiÕs jack like come on trash service
H
Ola
"Hello
i have just read the expressions of praise from Apple.
It is a joke the App Store so great is the last mist is the ""After the new release nothing is more correct. And the developers have probably brought from the chicken run. I"
There is no time zone can be reserved for the repair
I need help canceing HBO Now
The battery of my iPhone 7 Plus has inflate i account complaint these not normal
My volume button + wasn't working... after the upgrade 11.3 resumed thanks to God.... did the diagnosis by the application and contacted that i had to change the button under warranty... more returned to work.....
To quickly find the iPhone 7. 359150074542929
App Store cannot update the app did not know how to set up a thank you reply
Test
II need help please someone call ,me 415 895 1162. Please
Hello, I am a loyal apple powder why SE the new version 11.3 does not add the existing bus pass can only be bought a phone card is the hardware problem? Or you deliberately missing the features you would like to receive an official reply to thank you.
Just I am wondering that for free downloading the Apple apps asking you you banks account. This never been before. Why the Apple apps asks your back account?
"Hello,
I believe that we could have more confidence in the iPhone if at the time of off put a password.
Imagine that someone stolen your iPhone what at the time off. You can't take because the cell is in offline mode.
I hope that iPhone create p"
I need you to call me.
Only one search planning. When there is a problem when i cant do this to discuss mesajla_arak. Thank you.
The self-service screen to pieces of buying insurance can only be scheduled within seven days, but Guangzhou two flagship stores are full. Call the customer service said that there is no other way can only keep an eye on whether there is no number drop out go to the authorized after-sales service personnel also said that the screen needs to be returned to the factory for half a month, asked me if I bought the phone, so I bought insurance _ why not fully used
My mobile phone has received the United States Edward Europe, China 1712420-2368 1712431-6237 call and ask questions about Taiwan Cellular signal reception quality is Taiwan Cellular Phone Request inform
"The recent upgrade to IOS 11.3 includes a delete confirmation for iMessage conversations that is extremely annoying. Please either remove or provide an option to turn it off in future IOS upgrades. It is overkill for most of us...

Thank you,
Mike DeBolt"
Test
Unable to Update
Hello iPhone 6s letÕs go ahead with searching for My MacBook Air lost in 2016
At the end of the profile account appears to be 84 numaramõn Apple _a_õrma-minutes 1 goal i expect 1 urgent correction
Terrible
Good evening, I am Ronny OÕkeith Walker and I love the secure value of apple and all of their products and by being the being a little part of the brand , my finances st the present time makes me be not as secure as your brand because of affordability and
Please enable live chat through the app for all issues.
I would like to be able to submit feature requests and report bugs through the app.
clouds to the creamy Milky Way.....lol what a metiphor, just trust me give me the tools and I promise you will be proud, a liaison to information, meaning a real person , that I could talk to until I get secure enough device to weather me thru this storm
"Equipment stopped to make and receive voice calls and also has no data coverage.

I made contact with the carrier alive and ran tests, chip is working perfectly on another device.

Put another chip worked in this appliance and"
The 4s I can't use the Forgotten Password
Test
I keep getting messages advertising me that my account has been breached. Is that a scam or is it Apple?
"My experience was AMAZING!!!! 10 stars 
I was having problems with my class work for my job and my Mac Support was able to help with me it even though I only called for a change on my laptop. I love Apple!!!"
Location not in Texas but Eunice, LA.
Do not have extra iCloud address!
Do not have another phone or device.
Do not have another phone number besides 337-296-2257
Fix these or I leave Apple. Hacked for 4 years. Especially last two!!
I can't communicate with you
Pingguo8p____
The official version of ios11.3 heat near the camera, in particular, serious gaming special hot
please send me anything that tells me how to totally and i mean totally delete everything in icloud icloud drive and itunes in the bloody cloyd. mental crazy cant understand any of it all i know is that all 4 products are paraylised ÊPlease please i just
Hello good night, I have a problem with the signal tells me " service " and " appears Movistar " but does not raise signal because it will be ?
Good the iPhone of my wife will leave your Apple ID has been disabled, what do i do or how to do it, your ID is Jgrb.knm@gmail.com
Your good quality of service you feel good only in the app, you can refine the guidelines I could not find the same customer service to continue to share options may lead to some confusion
Apple Watch repair inquiries about results, but the answers will come to nothing.
Hello,I actually resignier almost,i can't understand why these individuals me now more than 20weeks,24h/day "Peel"I have solely a phone number specified as trustworthy and also only a Apple
"Apple ID is hacked NOTHING IS SAFE



EMAIL VEIFICATIE IS CORRUPT"
The experience is very poor phone but no one answered the phone call
I don't have signal tells me " Service " or " Movistar " but does not pick up signal, because it will be ? I leave my email: Marceeojeda1996@gmail.com so i can send a gmail and can you help me please thanks a lot!
"Hello. Good night.
I just take my iPhone 6 to the new Store Mac store located in Plaza bugambilias, in Cuernavaca. The battery was inflated q change in August and wanted to replace. I received for Q1, they told me that the bolts were bar"
Customer Service said to me a featured shop's phone number I have not received
"Estou recebendo e-mail supostamente da Apple.
RE: [ Statement Report ] [ Alert ] : Statement Updated new log-in with Mozzila Firefox and checking account data on April 02, 2018 [ 1652-8859-0365 ]

kenapakamuloncatloncatkayakatlete-susahtauraciknya-55@nump"
Mail the mail error messages
Thanks so much for your help resetting my AppleTV , you guys are awesome
Slow Motion splash screen.
App Store sliding off the frame to be serious.
Mark in NY a schedule for repair, I cannot change here the country uses. Appears only Brazil... How do i proceed?
The phone number is always needs to be filled. The default is not to trouble.
You cannot schedule a call may not be able to immediately call for help is not online cannot find nearby service point. Too bad really is too bad.
The app supports the appointment of a replacement battery to store said that the battery does not have to be in a few days so would also like to book Why waste time customers.
IÕve got some very serious concerns about this whole 5G wifi network because since IÕve been using this 5G wifi IÕve been getting very very bad headaches and feeling very weird and sickly and IÕm meant to believe smoking cigarettes is bad and not just me
I really enjoyed and appreciate the service. ItÕs very convienent. 5 star results 10/10
"Hello,
I want to change region of my account. But still have balance ( 0.03$ ) so i couldn't change. Please clear my balance.
Thanks !"
"Hello Good
Day
I need the help of urgent SCV
I try to recover my password q i do not remember and going into account recovery vcs deducts every day 1.00 and cannot be resolved"
Some software will only be able to use the wireless update does not use the flow there is a need to update the APP will not be able to update not be able to use the flow will be fine.
i want too buy and click action and shop free and visa bank and nick name lv 10 and froom lv 10 and shop free forever..
To limit traffic to download
"The app service team you are good.

I hope that the 2018 on 3 April 2003 at 3 o'clock I have to call 13980090563. I want to solve the problem with the phone. Thank You"
Why prompt call back has been unable to contact me on
"Please, let us sign in using fingerprint. 
This is an Apple App! One of the few or only App I cannot sign in with my fingerprint. 

Thank you!"
After upgrading the ios11.3 cannot log into the campus network authentication page other brands of mobile phones and other ios version of the device you can use to determine if the problem is ios11.3 hope to resolve
Stolen Apple 6 software I can prove everything...
My ID is deactivated is supposed different things.
"Hello, download an application and for the subscription will I be wanting to charge almost $50 per month, try giving the low and I don't know if I succeeded.
How do I know?
The application is called: LineColor pipe connect
the developer is: Mahoui lu

I Am"
What's more than 150 trillion to download
The property market bubble lx?/1.
Too Slow
Update 11.3, a look at the video card, and is running slow or auto logout phenomenon.
You may not be able to turn off the wifi from the control center is very inaccessible ,consumes the battery and connected when we do not want to connect
iPhone No good at all
"Press the L key is not easy to book apple mls shop gear for too long I have to travel on 18 March about an apple authorized shop called British Dragon Huachen International Hotel after repair or not.
Once again about the mls shop schedule to me on April 3 on the morning of April 2, 1000 about the _ British Dragon Huachen this shop did not detect looked at the said he was here to repair is not a recommendation to the MLS shop for repair.
Call the customer service turnaround on five occasions customer service phone for five customer service attitude is different final results, let me look at my phone travel city will not be able to repair. Until now, the results did not give me the phone this process has two customer service let me crash on me to complain about her that Apple does not have a businessÉ she would give me for the record I asked her, she said no, I asked her what she said last Hu I asked her name she said this is the privacyÉ
for the Apple before the after sales"
Currently since I installed 11.3 I canÕt come anywhere close to my ear sensor on iPhone X. ÊThe screen goes black consistently. ÊI canÕt play clash of clans which is a landscape game because my screen goes black all the time. ÊEven if my ear isnÕt against
My son playing games on your mobile phone for two months for the 6 million underage consumption I demand a refund
My Powerbeats wireless earbuds were stolen out of my travel tote bag by a Lyft driver. Trying to recover them, would be great if Apple could somehow utilize (blockchain) technology to track the phone pairing the wireless Powerbeats earbuds.
Report a problem
Recently I received an email stating that i have purchased a $500 iTunes card. Please advise if there is such purchase.
And then I send messages with Grandma The shelves
Search hours Ireland dan with a number and automatically searches for the plant. Consierge were slow to anyone. The result is zero. Formerly was the correspondence in the form of a chat or get it now.
Ios11.3 when the lock screen iTunes play music, music controls not responding error or an error.
IÕve tried phoning technical support but keep getting cut off!!!
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLoC-glYh98oMpcJrAOERTZ1UYqoRWQNd6 has
According to an agent called Carlos was chatting with me and suddenly I was writing and cut the communication...I didn't understand that kind of attention is this
Your latest upgrade knocks out the sound recording on your video and only fix is factory reset
Please help me understand why my apps wonÕt update???
May I ask the health ^ ^ The number of steps in Why not to every minute to display.
In the Shenzhen Tian Holiday Plaza Apple Store for the battery does not need to be scheduled six hours a week in advance to book store on the change to four hours in advance to save time and do not have any complaints on his warm reception
"I have sent a complaint 3 April 
Please check & feedback"
My appstore website does not open
Excellent Apple service! It's amazing how they work well.
Now various traffic package of so many for so cheap want to be able to use the Flow download the APP. Not limited to the 150m

Why is the desktop icon, it is not possible to position it with the wife of the picture so the wallpaper will see the face of hope to improve
iPhone X simply refuse to see a video on heating with a QQ are card and I also paint on the border
i forgot my password just want to reset it with out a long drug out ordeal
I am a iPhone 7 Plus memorandum of understanding the password entered is correct or not and why.
Why is the phone number of the account cannot be changed.
7Update 11.3, heat seeking solutions to the serious regret it updated
"Dear Costumer Apple ID,
Receipt
ÊÊÊThank you for buying at iTunes Store
ÊBILLED TO
Apple ID: CreditCard
ÊÊÊTOTAL
$199.00
ÊÊINVOICE DATE
30 March 2018
OrderlD
MKI521V02
ÊDOCUMENT NO.
AAA25AB839MC
ÊÊiTunes Store
TYPE Shipping Method PRICE
ÊFree Shipping
TOT"
CanÕt retrieve my chat transcript.. probably a server side bug
Good
I am Chinese but now in Korea, but I would not say that Korean How to Change Address
Since the last update the music skips as if it were an old hard ruined.
Many people now seem to have an unlimited flow of why App Store and 150M+ software do not use cellular data download the wish to cancel or add a switch can be individually controlled. Would like to thank you.
"I am being charged $64.00 by you for the past several months. I did NOT authorize this and DO NOT want this. Please cancel and refund my money ASAP.
Thank you."
"The support always helps me a lot.
This time the phone setting to show the number is locked, i want to go back to identify it.
Thank You"
Hello good morning my cell asking me two-factor authentication that is ?
Can t we pay several times
The two Error
The proposed increase in single page calendar feature allows the user to a more convenient use the calendar function
Lens baffled. Service told me that the repair costs to 3200 lens is glass so it does not touch on the bad, improve design
The camera is defective
The Apple support on how to book after-sales service
From this application, you can arrange shipping repair is not intended to, but this is so?, delete the app from the web if we are able to arrange delivery of the repair. This application is able to service, I want you to fix.
I don't know who has hacked my account, but their location comes up in the washington,dc area which is NO where near my Philadelphia, P.A. address. They have been hacking my device, and changing my settings for some time. I'm just tired of constantly repo
Am not able to delet mails in inbox directly
Hope 17 edition can also support the Apple Pencil
I had a very poor experience, the person helping me stopped the conversation so after about 10 minutes of chatting I received no help.
Such a message, not
I have a vibration failure.
11.3 after a system update on public Wi-Fi
"Settings are all messed up in email. Advanced options for encryption are flattened out. CanÕt change anything. ÒNo certificates foundÓ. 
ÊÊÊCan't sign into anything, icloud for example. Even when I recieve Êthe ""6 digit code,"" keeps telling me that my pas"
I would like to know how to report a fault in the operation of Apple Watch at software level
The find my iPhone is not updating real time. What is the resolution?
The package on how to unsubscribe
Why is the charge of $50 to the APP to the artifact. The value is not a
"At 12:30 pm i had of you should be called as it was agreed on the basis of your App!
You didn't call!
Around 10 was still a date, you are not perceived!
I am so bored waiting to see only since 9:30"
In the shop, the computer recognizes the picture video and then 3 hours for a number of staff, the computer does not recognize the photos on the mobile phone video and staff said they did not know what took three hours for a number of staff, the final results of this service is poor.
Is this where I can also offer my thoughts on the iPhone X ?
No Charge Item
It should not be microphone and audio when I speak on the phone, the rumor goes is
"After upgrading to High Sierra, my address book no longer syncs. ÊI can sync all of my other data between my MacBook Pro and iPhone 8, but not Address Book contacts.

Even after visiting the Genius Bar and having a call with Apple support, this problem ha"
"is my warranty cover broken glass
iphone x"
I 1D deactivated the why when you log in to your mailbox does not receive a verification code?
Hi! I forgot my limitations code. How do I fix this?
In the Express Replacement email address, we mentioned earlier, but the phone book to the non-registration being rejected and the gutter is not, and you don't send them again?
Unable to call the appointment and also tried the Web site
Not great. I wish you could just message not call.
"Onsite Repair when making a booking, you can only select one issue per booking, the product of two or more problems, and therefore if you want to receive support (for example, the iphone 6 LCD is broken at the same time, battery replacement, if necessary), double-booking the hassles.
You can select multiple issues when making a booking. To change the options."
Micro-friends, how does the location of a video without sound
I canceled the old credit card and I entered the data of the new one. But it appears to me that was not transposed neither the date nor the CVV. Give me confirmation that the new card was inserted.?
The Complaint
Australian telecommunications industry federal member and federal cyber security agency a new method of registering all internet users so all can be watched for even immature hand radio licensing have legally registered law and the same should be with all
the wrong tel nr shows in the apple support app and i am not able to change it! can you pls correct?
I would like to ask you what is the issue with the password you have my mobile phone is done in a mess. The following an update. Does Not Function. My network is not available. I am both in and out of the account must not be used. You must bear full responsibility. You are or what I called my lawyer's economic profit to inform you will talk more about it that you have authored called him over. Old daughter beat him to accompany the child's money.
A Apple security logo
The warranty period for the date in the form of the number of days remaining appears more practical.
App needs to show that an authorised Apple Service Provider like Sync in Manchester are still going to only be able to send your product to Apple for repair rather than repair it then and there on site.
_tunes does not work
I have the new 42mm stainless steel watch refund you now in the Sino-US trade war will not use the apple.
19:45 register to get a call to the phone that did not come.
Apple software sucks ass. You all should be ashamed of the service you provide with the amount people pay. Sad sad sad
This random update random charge life is reduced. Correct the problem now you charge the effort.
Reduced charge life

Charge runs out too fast ios 11.3
How to put the Cheuk system game information to the ios system
where to report a break-in to the phone because someone controls me and can not change anything?
I have not used TapeACall pro application fee i would like to return to the
Thank you very much.
"What is I cloud storage for 2.99 ?

I did not order this ? 

What would I need it ?

Is it 2.99 a month ?

Please call me .

860-9330165 

I was looking at some things yesterday but I did not Tink I signed up for something 


Please call me soon .

I go t"
I cannot download apps
There is no customer service, if any, that it is not necessary to run so far
Replacing an ID account to log on why the update software, the rebound in the previous ID account
Siri - Òtake a selfieÓ doesnÕt work properly
Excellent service. The chat facility to overcome simple issues were dealt with very efficiently by friendly staff. Thanks for the service.
I come to you after sales for a battery and then I shut down with no power. You can only turn on the charging
I don't know where to report it, but I'm getting "bills from apple," for services. They look like scams, I screen shot them and have them for you if your want them
Poor.
This is just ridiculous this newest iOS update has started again making my restrictions unlocked for my google account again every time I change my password without me having to go to restriction to enter my pass code number this shouldnÕt be like this as
Why not book a Hong Kong?
Specialty stores are all pigs
Apple is rubbish
The incoming call screen does not show how to resolve
How to Verify I bought the Apple mobile phone is the factory.
Delay 15 min, the first available appointment after two hours, with all sufficiency and arrogance. Availability nothing against a customer loyalty.
New to apples want to say thank you for the new iOS works awesome
I had a problem with the audriculares that weren't functioning pass by the shop of Majadahonda Plaza North i tell me that I didn't change that grabs a year change the rules do not think to buy back a iPhone i always share several: the chich
HORRIBLE I CHARGED 300 euros per repair a iPhone 6 two months ago. Today nothing is known of my phone. A disaster. I'll go denunciaros to consumption without a doubt. I thought q Apple was a serious company but tell me that I don't have parts for rep
Tinder application i want to cancel the hated cayma but how should I have the right
The self-service screen to pieces of buying insurance can only be scheduled within seven days, but Guangzhou two flagship stores are full. Call the customer service said that there is no other way can only keep an eye on whether there is no number drop out go to the authorized after-sales service personnel also said that the screen needs to be returned to the factory for half a month, asked me if I bought the phone, so I bought insurance _ why not fully used
Make a call from the other side cannot hear me
"Dear Apple management
cell phone from time to time with some games i play is included
as part of the phone to an application program available

but Game Center applikasyonu belong to this application with the software for this is lifted from the continu"
chochanhee5573@icloud.com/(+81)080-6042-5573ipadipadpro(12.9___)Wi-Fi+cellular(512GB)+81-80-6042-5573CHOCHANHEE)
"How in the hell can I check how much money is left on my iTunes gift card. What the hell can I buy with it?? Where can I use it?
Big ass company and you canÕt get Êan answer!!!
WTF"
Why can't I send the mobile phone repair
Very happy with the service and correcting the issue at hand. Keep up the good work!
How do I cancel purchases?
"Hi,

Just want to informed you there are phishing emails circulating pretending to be ÒAppleÓ informing that my Apple ID & Password was updated which I didnÕt do. Thinking my Apple ID & password was compromised thatÕs why IÕve change my password. Please l"
The mobile phone that will automatically display the Ling sound
Test 123
Hello
How can I update my phone number in my account. Having problems with Apple trying to contact me keeps calling old number
I am a user of Apple customer service your employees why we shut off the phone since a week but going to done 1000 dakikam anlatamadõm
I really hate that it is now impossible to find a place to make a genius bar appt. I must come in, I have already had a two hour call on the phone, and been into a Genius Bar appt twice. itÕs impossible to find a place to make an appt anywhere on your web
"Moin Moin! Since updating to 11.3 ""sticks"" to the touch screen time. No connection with app's or actions. I hope this little problem as soon as possible is dissolved.
With kind regards,
Gerd Blasejewicz"
Please block any other device from getting into my iCloud & changing my settings & turning off my entry passcode PLEASE
Thanks for assisting me with my account recovery. ÊWhy is my email/icloud & find my iPhone app lock & I canÕt get it to turn off. Hacker?
You can update the account, however, not be able to purchase a new app
Test 123

Smoke
I need help please
I have a problem with my iPhone 6 could get in contact with me.
Hello I have a mobile phone Apple ID
"Very bad experience, to start tried to make an appointment with a Genius Bar and it is impossible to find it.
Top How do I have my cell in English the app decides that i can be in France, China, etc but not in Spain, that does not work location. Don't"
Please ararmõsõnõz
Forget the security issues
It is now a special phone card response is very slow link network is also an unstable. What's wrong
Not spain where I live
Hello I updated apple wach 1 generation to the latest version 4.3 after that when I have a charge to sit down do not turn on hang on logo! I want to complain to the court about you why you do not check your updates before release???
"Hello,

I am in Spain and i have been unable to make an appointment here through the website and even through the application. I would like to know what should I do there do not appear to be available dates to bear my iPhone at the Genius Bar.

I hope your"
The app appears to be displaying time slots that are not available. ÊEvery time slot I clicked on, I received an message saying ÒUnable to submit this request - try again laterÓ.
"Hello
I want to just ask you council on your iPhone who works once from time to time. The touch screen works then no longer works. The pages are opened or closed only.
Is this normal to the price where are sold your devices?
It s'"
I don't have Ipods none and message that they are going to lower iTunes information or to my IPod. I would like to remove information about IPod and Wrist Watch. I don't have Wrist Watch. My team is iPad iPhone, and. AirPort MacBook Air and .
U should available ÒNewsÓ app in AppStore (India) soon! Or when it will be available?

iPhone x exactly what product to the hot serious serious dropped frames cannot achieve the most rapid experienceÉ would have an idea of the user experience apple do not appear with the question of product performance to high to reach entertainment results in the waste of i buy top products for the purpose of performance if the issue cannot be resolved in the next I have confidence in the products.
"I need a duplicate purchase of this cell, was purchased in Miami in January 2017.
The cel was blocked by the carrier by mistake is accurate fiscal note to unlock.
How do I?
Thank You"
Please send my request or recommendation to Apple to keep the ability to disable apps with lock code that customers do not wish to use. ÊÊSecurity issue like find my iPhone tracking. ÊÊHackers & thieves love that capacity! ÊI hate it! ItÕs privacy issue &
_phone 6s new after you install the software was di_Ÿ_Ÿ music sound audio voice kusõldõ
I have a problem after updating before my battery Êrate is 100% after 98% why ?
"Hello? We have an application that he must cancel before 11 April. I am not able to make the cancellation. Can you help me please? I want to cancel Fishbrain premium. Buy on our family account by: Mathisricard@hotmail.com
Thank You!"
"Hello support team, IÕd really appreciate it if my phone number would get activated for FaceTime and Messages!

Thank you."
Since the 27 February I expects a return on your part! I am dissatisfied
Battery backup is not good
"Hello. I have just discovered that an App, Orbyt, i have been charged unduly and in duplicate several times.

How can I claim it ?.

Thank you."
My phone was restored at the store yesterday, but today I was watching some online videoÕs and my phone got hanged, i thought it was because of data issues from my network, I tried to tap the phone and no response. So I had to use the home button to shut
Problem
Great App very handy and simple to use!
I want to make an appointment with the Genius Bar - I have checked on line and they suggest downloading the Apple app which I have done. But the Apple app does not seem to recognise Êthat occasionally it would be so much easier to speak to someone in pers
I want to stop the subscription!
"To Siri today i asked a question two; 1. si: ""hey Siri , lunch prayer said for several minutes with the answer me; the following search engine for a few there is something you like,"" said a browse window and ibadetle presents internet links related to me.
2. My question; ""hey Sir"
Is being charged a purchase that i do not authorized, like that she and the SELFIE cancelassem stylizer. Since I already
I found the open _cloud istiyorm sharing by authorised
"It look like someone may have hacked my Apple I D. 
I have changed my password today. 
There was no success in downloading the app, but the app cost $11.15. My credit card information had expired is the only reason it wasnÕt purchased. 
The app was called"
Change the battery in an informed and clean out the dust only need to pay $100 fee, however, has not been invoiced
How would I recover my data from notes
I am unable to update applications
There is no obvious way to submit product feedback in this app. ÊHereÕs the issue: Êthe screen in the iphone 8+ is noticeably more prone to micro scratches than prior iPhones IÕve owned. ÊI have not changed my behavior or case, etc.
"Hello
i downloaded an app that was free and reached a signature absurd.
As I confirm that I do not want is signature ?"
"Hi there I was added my bank to pay iCloud and badoo charge me £19.99 I want refund me because I want just pay iCloud nothing else 
Thanks"
Test
Test
No problem exists. Such as the ramifications or via mail to me in any way even a single answer is not allowed. Reverse your statement of 0(zero) points i am.
How do I restart Siri
Tttt
"I was charged 0.99. Û, without my
consent.
I pray for the return. Thanks

Sincerely
Ruben Valero."
I donÕt know why but recently the keyboard of my iPad Air 2 has being appearing in the middle of the screen. Does not matter if it is vertical or horizontal. IÕve turn off and on the iPad and it still appearing...
Hello
My devices are flippin out & saying my password is incorrect & blah blah - I wanted to download a simple PDF reader because apples Reader app wonÕt do it!!! And IÕm getting blocked by Apple & told my password is incorrect & blah blah - talk about control
"Does not have the help they wanted.
My Wifi this normal functioning on iPhone and iPad. But the Mac is not. Only open the e-mail, when I try to open the Safari says that the Safari cannot establish a secure connection."
Test 123
Worst customer service ever!!!
It would be wonderful to be able to send scheduled iMessage/SMS. Being able to send a text at a certain time is crucial. For example, my mother goes to bed at 9pm always, IÕm a night owl and think of something important I forgot to tell her. Knowing she w
Why can I schedule with the Genius Bar from the app or in that fact anywhere! Useless! Apple overall has very poor customer service.
Hello this software has been doing very well but it is recommended that the application of the feedback feature. This I think feedback is a native app iPhone reminded the project overlaps lead to two alert item overlap does not clearly identify and use the hope on this issue can be resolved in a timely manner.
Test 123
"From the email address below for information about the lock there was a mail account.
The email from your company, contact us and seemed suspicious.
If it comes from your company, and to understand the problem situation, I would like to respond.

Shiro Takahashi

news_japan@inside Apple Apple


.com account is locked for a few moments.
Dear ,
your account, there were some problems, so, please update your account details.
You have 24 hours to open this email from your account"
DoesnÕt work
"Hello, I am getting a message while using google that there is virus detected on my device and it could affect my personal information and banking information ie credit card and my email so on. Please be advised. 

Thank You 
Megha Prashar"
Need to change the password i can't remember
Reservations are available even when the display cannot be booked what wait about 2 months?.
Very good application with very useful information and interesting.
Links to schedule to repair or servicing not working. Brings you to support page/article options every time. Unable to navigate to appointment scheduling for repair from there. Using iPhone 8/iOS up to date. Thanks.
Iphonr7 ios11.3 upgrade is always hot on the download program is a hot game was playing on hot with no updates are not a problem
Horrible. Trying to set an appointment at the help bar in Brandon florida. Cannot find this anywhere on your app. Tried calling and been on hold for 20 minutes. Every time I go to the Brandon store they are so far scheduled out I canÕt even get in.
A chat would be amazing. IÕm sure this is in development, but +1 for the release of it!
"I have tried to call,e-mail and message anyone at Apple to no avail. The hacker has blocked me from everything!
I haven't been able to access my Apple accounts since march 9th (area is grayed out in settings) and I cannot seem to be able to get any assist"
Test
Should inform at the time of scheduling that the premium assistance only makes battery replacement on the same day to schedule until 17:00 ???????? Lost time, spent with parking...i will no longer use assistance Apple!
"This apps could decrease the genius visits if:
1. Your articles for support get more specific. All of them had really basic troubleshooting solutions, and a lot of are not helping, the instructions are not updated in relation with the operating system or"
This app needs to have an option to schedule & cancel appointments. It already lets you check your coverage. It would be useful to be able to make appointments via this app.
My experience has been awful. No where on here does it say Genius Bar so I can schedule an appointment - IÕm sick & tired of Apple - itÕs supposed to be user friendly but it isnÕt lately! My iPhone 6 Plus is slower than a freakin snail! IÕm so so frustrat
"Unicorn- painting games.
The game downloads to tap into it. Click on the need to try out for three days. Try out three days after three days next to the charge of $58. You want to play this game I downloaded the I click the play. However, the download is found to be the first day of fun. I would have been. But I did not know I deleted the app I have been deducted $58. This is why they were detained. I have been deleted. Finally, I would like to re-download from app, tap the painting software opens with a very small word Cancel will cancel the subscription. It is really sad. I hope apple official to give a response. I've seen this software app. In the same situation as I have several individuals. There were three days of continuous net 58. I hope apple official to help resolve Thank You"
The safari browser to view the video in full screen black screen when there is sound small screen normal music app sometimes suddenly no sound will need to restart the app.
I feel Verzion and Apple is a fraud. Since I received a message today to Êupgrade my iPhone 7; itÕs now functioning slower than ever. I purchased this iPhone back in sept 2017; which I downgraded from the iPhone 7plus. I hate I purchased this phone and be
Upgrade the latest 11.3 After the system loses power faster How do I address Thank You
The Apple support APP mobile phone always reflect the problem does not power up
AirPods in the drop-down menu is not displayed properly often show only one headphone box and another headset does not display
Apple rear camera with no _ fuzzy focus is not clear.
Reply to chat. It is made of, and did not seem to have been disconnected in the middle.
Thank god is now "manage storage without the need for further telephone conversations.
I Was Just In A Chat With A Rep & They Ended My Chat Without Helping Me Resolve My Resolution To My Issue . Please Help .
I was just at the Apple store in Brea. I asked one of the salesman if they could help me reschedule my appointment to get my battery replaced, and he couldnÕt figure out how to find me in their system. Then he said, let me go check my manager, and walked
Hello I would like to have my invoice for my MacBook Pro
Dated 3 april,I have received an email signed by the support of Apple, informing me that the system detects fraudulent activity and the replication information.billing error for the acceptance of payment.We would like to inform you that your App
Would you PLEASE consider changing the location of the power button back to the top, or near the middle (like android) if itÕs going to remain on the side? People I know between the ages of 15-65 are just as frustrated as me. When doing a one handed or re
"Hello,
I have a question I would like to know the price for repair lecrant of my iPhone 7 Plus Thank You"
I don't see the MacBook Pro Warranty
Hello . Will be great if you can make it to see all the Cervices that we have in here..
Hello I would like to change the number of tel for my iCloud. Thanks
Uduendlwjrd
It's very hard to find on these support etc apps, where/how to make an appointment at the genius bar at an apple store.
My iPhone trincou the rear window only to drop on a tour of granite. I always iPhone all very resistant and with the quality of the products always Apple then invested almost 5 thousand reais on iPhone 8 Plus and i feel cheated. The bracket
Hi I need to get into my Apple ID but it wonÕt let me change my security questions
Hacker abuse split iPad system
Quality of Service is only lip service that said:
If you are looking at a different program if you are in a micro-time calls can only hear the sound cannot see the incoming interface to return a call and see interface must wait for 3 seconds later will be able to see it.
I canÕt see or cancel my Genius Bar appointments in what is supposed to be an app dedicated to support????
The Apple 6 16G of memory can be upgraded to the 64G?
My id has been disabled, you would solve this problem. Grateful
SPLIT IPAD entire system ( iCloud) 5093883711
I have another telephone in vain for a long time. I also changed to a new email and Apple ID, I would forget the old email add :piklootang@yahoo.com.sg password How do I remove old or where to go to get the u
The system upgrade to 11.3 official version will not be possible to use siri call short number. This is a very annoying I want to be able to solve the problem. For example, I would like to make a 520 siri tells me unable to call. Just before it.
"On March 3rd the Eaton Centre scheduled a call for a replacement battery for my iPhone 6S. 

The call occurred the same day and they said they would order a replacement battery and that they would contact me once the battery had arrived. 

I have yet to r"
You should not change the mobile number.
iTunes update
ITUNES update was interrupted
In December 2017 I had problems with my iPhone ... took a stand of Apple and told me that the phone was with liquid damage ... Asked me if I dropped it in the water or something like ... And I said that I was taking a drizzle with the c
_ you trust?
You _ and trust?
I would like to request an appointment
_ you trust?
Back to the home of the looking-ma
Back to the home of the looking-ma
Back to the home of the looking-ma
Home listen to moms words
Home listen to your mother,
Listen to moms words
Hear my words. * The Street Chai
Why is your phone shell edge width are prone to your phone kit marks
The system could not update the original IOS IOS system 11 Update to update 11.3 trouble please inform ~ Thank You
"iTunes history, the history of the app not purchased, a duplicate of the same app history and date-that is,
new device to a previous application is displayed."
I was curious if Apple is planning on adding support features for the Airport Time Capsules ?
Bad _ to places that no one will switch to the three-point why after the appointment is also world-class enterprise even basic integrity are no
Post-consumer experience is not good it is not fun at all did not achieve the desired look forward very disappointing.
"Hope that mac os supports all computers
will not be able to sell genuine os so that all their group itself to the ideal PC?"
"Can you sell mac os.
can assemble a computer. Fill their os is a sense of accomplishment"
The Ministry iPad processor Yesterday I went to Mong Kok _ Yu 1006 Room Service because you do not know that there is a problem with the truck power the system battery trouble that service after listening to what I have said is not cleaning up of the situation and he would not say no to a integer to a few thousand dollars more than two thousand three and a system of several thousand nine and a few? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Change the phone I ask a few more real he also said PC bad to ask to go in and I have repeatedly asked the ministry is really no integration is the battery issue a fork radio access to head the problem he did not answer can only help here no integration is not a repair center for repair for a quiet he said I can go Apple processor shop know what the problem is, alas, I am not going to left Apple designated repair center he asked me my mobile phone to the Apple support one app that I can go there several intergovernmental Apple shop again about yourself
May I ask the general limitations of forgot password to open
Erase Support Chats no longer needed
The screen is the most light dim sometimes do not tell me that is the automatic adjustment problems, after all, a few hundred years and peak by then over time it is lit don't tell me that reducing the white point value in the right off really comes on but will sometimes suddenly becomes very dark but is still the highest brightness and do not tell me that my mobile phone or the screen broke I play from 5s to 8p has always been a problem anyway, don't look for the customer's issues trouble you technician to quickly fix the otherwise labor, a chicken are fast becoming blind to
I would like to check the phone for the first date.
The customer service address is not correct their practices and is permissive service point for the customer's cool about the customer, or in other service point is really ridiculous shop big bullying the guest feel i will complain until the problem is solved
"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas"
Often a card freezes
Love this app thank you so much to all apple support tech love you guys you rock apple !!!!
IÕm being highjacked and robbed by the same Asian people as Before!! I thought we corrected this last year with my elimination of Family Sharing? But apparently theyÕve hacked back into my account! Which makes both of our phones sapped and needing to be c
I watch for iPhone feature comparison this sound should be called repeatedly and through a fingerprint or password to cancel the beeps
My mobile phone app is stolen
"Apple payload and interface time and wallet app to
not pinch each please update"
My ID is deactivated
Help
"I am being charged £9.99 a month and I thought it was free. I have paid for a few songs. Please refund this subscription. 

Karin Hooper"
"We could not contact 001 8004412904 for the support. Is there another way out.

My no +6699 809 8090"
I want to thank Apple for this amazing treatment. I will forever be a loyal fan THANK YOU AYMAN I hope you all find a million dollars on the ground. Thank you again. You guys are the best
Apple id is disabled i receive a message that i cannot update . But leave the kimli_imden girebiliyorum again .
"ThereÕs no obvious option to provide bug reports on iOS versions.

Today I was swiping left to go to the next menu page and the device was automatically swiping right

Yesterday my music was stuttering intermittently

And I have already told you about the"
"I complaints Apple Authorized Service Providers - 5 Channel port
1. I am convinced that the April 2 to 400 call-to-morrow five crossings that replace the battery told me to call the Valid field to see if there is a battery.
2. My phone that I have three points from the former site of the day to complete the replacement does not accept the call. I misled the three previous to you in fact is the first of three points, and queued to receive queue of about two hours to not accept the call is open this phone does not have appointments but do not tell me the 400 Can Schedule Download Apple support can be scheduled. I have 3 point to the on-site personnel have no active reception asked questions love to ignore the wait more than two hours tell I am unable to access the phone no apology on-site many people are very angry but staff of the callous indifference for so many years in my life."
You can contact us via email is no longer roll call.
Where is South Africa in locations
Bus Pass today bind has been activated. Why
Buying in Hong Kong for seven-day free return and exchange service?
"Ladies and gentlemen,
I have at the end of March as a VPN app ( Team@fondol.com ) to test downloaded .
To my total disappointment I received an invoice iHv. 99.99Û for a subscription.
Since two days, I try in vain to contact the ap"
Update to the iOS 113 Phone untimed reboots automatically through the iTunes to restore factory settings automatically reboot problem persists please help address
"Last night I received a invoice for an app I donÕt recognize nor did I subscribe to, IÕm not sure if itÕs from Apple or a scam email 

App is - Mobile legends
Bang Bang 1500 Diamonds"
How can I contact you
Like to make a comment after the game!!!!!
I am very unhappy with the service that Apple lately. My Apple Watch does not turn on from two days ago and I cannot find an appointment to take it to a repair in the next week, and I searched in Apple centers up to 20 kilometers of distance
The account or the original old phone did not update
I need to update my iPhone.
"Hello I am very disappointed in my visit to fix Repair to Balexert.
I took an appointment through the application to change the battery of my iPhone. Arrived at my appointment, I am told that there is no spare part and that it was necessary to open a folder in"
My mobile phone can reduce system?
Trouble with. ÊLatest lTunes download being interrupted
The Screen Recording good. It is an opportunity to a little will improve myself,
"Hi
I would like to respond to some comments earlier because lost in one AirPods earlier on the web support two queries that do not need to immediately buy goes to the repair center or outlets after purchase and reservation today goes to the repair center i would like to response is between
1. Why does not provide a faster method of both single purchase one AirPods 2.
two online support query is also not mentioned in person to purchase and not instant Pickup
3. Since AirPods unilateralism can operate independently say buy another when I can only match themselves why there is also a need to lower the other side of the

above measures to compel me to purchase _ finally abandoned waste had 2 goes to the repair center time and costs more I think that these measures are _ consumers"
My Account shipingde_51678yah@icioud.com could not be restored?
Both my chat support folks were helpful and patient. My problem didnÕt get resolved, but it wasnÕt for their lack of trying. They were great.
The first day I bought a full charge with a 2-hour alert low battery that is not durable.
Hold too long
At the time I had a MacBook Pro 17 inches that I was stolen can you find a trace on my account Apple crdlt Mr Ehrhart
"I need to know what are the specific features required to install Facetime on my iPhone?
IÕm not able to do so as per the text I received from Apple store while trying to install the app!"
Now upgrade version of the game is to have fun here to find previous games
We bought this is in order to play games, now it is not fun.
HavenÕt received respond from my request
Made an appointment for istore at northampton for iPhone battery replacement via this app. Upon arriving at store was told the phone had to sent away so would be without a phone for 3-5 days. This information should have been on the app so I wouldnÕt have

"I had a complained of caller information when phone rings 
And it was updated as per I was guided by the customer care executive 
Problem is solved and m satisfied 
Thanks serena (donÕt know the name exactly )"
I need to pick a location that is not on the list because itÕs not in my current language but thatÕs fine because I speak the other language
"Network system error or a chat is interrupted.
Even then, your company will be in the chat input spikes, the screen is not updated."
Kullanõcõsõyõm iPhone X. Two to three times a week frost and i am having an issue with a black screen. I applications support page but also within 10-15 min yapmasam unraveled itself but it is not the solution to start or so. The market at the most prestigious brand
ThereÕs not enough room to type and I could not see the bottom of my screen to finish the conversation and I was disconnected.
I want to screen rotation, do you think that is not a
To exit the chat, and it disappeared. Notification will come. could not be opened. What could the bug.
Micro-Open Power Point and _. Micro-scratches on the page with the barrels of _ open
i have activity in 90 days.Delete all from margos ipad,there is no permission for other devices ornetworks
There is nothing on this app about making an appointment at the Genius Bar.
Cannot change my location to Spain if my iPhone is on a different language
Hello, I would like to inform you that after updating IOS 11.3 screen recording does not play sound when recording the app Apple music, and to do with another application such as YouTube plays the sound in the recording.
Ios11.3 update after the end of the charging giant slow speed.
Apple mobile phones are easy to use. The price is a little high-energy is not cheap is good.
How to query the headset is genuine
Horrible
I hope to have a manual customer service
Poor service attitude.
Love it
I cannot make the application etc Alpple acõlmõyom nedõr trouble
My daughter purchased something in a game ive tried to get ahold of you my daughter is 7 years old plz refund the 100 dollars thank you
"Lousy service!!!! Never more i n ACHETERAI a product Apple

I will make a nice pub!!!!!!!!"
The new update 11.3 has a bug. When there are no apps open and your on the 2nd or 3rd page of apps, when you swipe up from bottom it does not bring you back to home page. IÕm on iPhone X
The phone has all of a sudden noise
"2018/3/16
2028/3/24 Apple iPod touch new purchase
order number
100495635257 100489953533 continued the reception number support

symptoms

slide to power off.

Reconnect the power on and charge when using iPod touch display is not charging with one red line appears in the display after approximately seconds to return the original charge

from the sleeve when playing music from the beginning of the Power view displays the original charge

in support of the reception number 100489953533, Mr. erina does recognize the Low Battery Trouble and is displayed in the system"
Where is the support went to chat
"Baby
M"
Those icons are not available. There is no vCard.
"Language is set to English and the installation of the application automatically local to Korea and other countries. There is no set settings; we hope to correct this part.

Even though it is set in Korean if you live abroad, it is possible to set up abroad, so I'd like to change."
Why Does My phone's problem has not been resolved
I also would like to see the current situation of my repairs inside the app. Thank you.
Why does my mobile phone and receive a text message is not addressed to me
Hello validation required that occurs at a font download anything over the app storeden olurmusunuz help
"Case Id: 100457893724

IÕd like to submit a complaint on the case Id above. When I spoke to Amir he said he would order a new battery. I followed up last night and created a new order since I had not yet heard back. This morning I got an email saying my r"
Don't know the head in the phone number below how to change
This was very good..IÕm finalize familiar with iPad ..lots of information..can I rewatch at another time especially the camera aspect.brain overload..
This was amazing..but a lot of information can I refresh back to camera section at another time ?
I am very mix with my Facebook
Because I can chat with someone ?
Just want to submit a font error on call log
To delete a message may sometimes coincide with time.
I can only set the phone Sogou input method but a micro-typing error often skip to the mobile phone comes with its own input to
Hello good day, dear know how much can cost me the arrangement of the screen (only the glass not the display) to iPhone 7?? Thanks
I want to purchase ACTT but it doesnÕt show from Apple Store in Japanese version and hence I tried to buy from the other country version however in the shopping field shows its error because I applied it from AustraliaÕs one. How should I write shipping a
I deactivate the Apple ID, how do you get?
Hey
"In addition to the Return of iPad wants to trade-in
May was purchased with the trade-in and has requested to
purchase the first is handling the clerk stated that he would like to trade-in.
I want to purchase the merchandise is the description of the trade-in cannot understand at all I was told that the street is the only one in order t reluctance


will take, we will pay shipping and handling fees are also not convinced
, not return
trade-in. Thank you

08050042055 Tanaka"
ItÕs very easy phone to get set up,for some one never had one before and this is one is more work side,
"Good morning 
ÊWhen I bring my desktop in so I need to bring key board and plugs as well? ItÕs is about remove anti virus apps that were added because of my lack of knowledge


ÊÊÊÊÊÊThank you Odie"
IÕm not happy with you guys at all I have three Apple products and then you have a breach in your security now when I go and I change my password or change something on my iPhone you guys lock me out thatÕs the reason I got a smart phone so I could always
App is junk, if you already have a case number no place or action to check progress on. Website does not work with iOS 11.3 tried to input case number and hit submit and nothing happens multiple times.
Hello, on my profile is not displayed the correct phone number. The mine begins by 07 and not 06
Appointed a service call for this morning. Get a call from a man speaking Chinese...
When To Turn on the degraded channel IOS11 running in the 6s are not good. Power consumption. Want to downgrade
iPhone x11.3 lock screen time away cannot unlock [but you can use siri to open the application to unlock- Lock-screen status click the Camera Back to short crash recovery later.
Hello , I would like to use my warranty to exchange my headphones because the sound does not come out as they need headphones , OBLIGED TO pressionnŽ the headphones against my ears to hear if it pleases you How can I do?
The power-on flash white snowflakes, run the memory is too small to open web pages at a slow rate.
The tool raise for service stops working suddenly and does not return to work even engaging and disengaging the button on the operator panel settings.
"Should have the option of feedback.
Option to update account information.
Oba: I am not able to change the card number of the signature iCloud."
I didnÕt receive the call I expected at 9:15 AM
My Apple ID doesnÕt work I have spoken to Apple many times about trying to correct my Apple ID and nothing happens and then I called support and I just keep getting a runaround and nothing happens I donÕt get to speak to a real person
I am in the United States playing a game so the value of sin.
"Good i can not update any application thanks best regards
Osuna Matias"
"Please imagine for just a second, how frustrated a person has to be to set aside their busy lifestyles, to sit down and start typing something that may not even make it to the attention of a human. 

I feel itÕs time Apple gets back to basics, and treats"
Get
"Not about this app but iOS .
Please add an option for your customers to choose whether enable or disable the shortcut Òkeyboard settingÓ when they are toggling the keyboard in different languages. 

By the way, where can I send a feedback about iOS by thi"
"Hello all,
I've finally bought a iPhone. I am very happy with it. But i miss , and many others with me, the dictionary .
I use four languages, namely, Dutch, French, German and Arabic. In French and German is ok. But Dutch and Arabis"
IÕm having issues with an app! The capital one app! It wonÕt let me log on! The app keeps closing when I try to log on!
"Hello,

I would like to be remembered but I did not get there via the application. Could you remind me?

Thank you"
Good day there are transactions in my account. q Do not perform
There are so many bug and hackers I donÕt even want this phone because itÕs a breach of my privacy and terms of use so IÕm going to report this to whomever it is that had downloaded this to my phone without my authorization IÕm sorry this didnÕt work out
What is the serial number is invalid what can you do
"Hello!
The control center the ""uncomfortable"" icon holding depressed time limitation when the staf yapilirsa kullanisli for example 10, 20, 30, 60min if the durations I want to tell the as in ""counter""..
Easy to get"
Would be great if you can retrieve the repair status!
"Hello!
Control Center the ""light"" pressed the flush fitting of the brightness level of the pile of acilan screen adjusting the brightness of the ""automatic""
(Night Shift added during reset or in a convenient can be repositioned).
Thank you will
get easy"
I think the apple 6S is very easy to use.
Test
"Rolling with DJ Adam, the inspiring DJ, has been motivating people to live life to the fullest. 

He was born with cerebral palsy.
Please share this inspiring story http://rollingwithdjadam.tv"
"I am being billed for app I did not nor do I want. Please disconnect and repay all billing up todate. 
Thank you

I also want not to pay for the climate app I took a 3day free trial with. Please disconnect. 
Thank you"
Well my Apple ID keeps getting disabled after I get it unlocked and to be honest IÕm getting really irritated. I do appreciate that there is finally some sort of security that is going on because of the prior fraudulent activity on my account but I though
I have used iTunes from to very start and I had imported some music and I have purchased some from iTunes. ÊThe album artwork always matched the song played until a couple of years ago. ÊI tried using the stupid iCloud music and it totally messed up my wh
I still cannot connect to freewifi Connect
"Hi have received great help . But saw on gmail that i kontaktatat s 4 times , DOES NOT 2 times is the . The Va order number and everything on the judgment here your mailbox . You can check out uppsetts thanks
Nice Susanns"
My iPad area pulling and i can't turn it on again
"When no.100452636231 case support call failed to distinguish between Cantonese and Putonghua technicians, and no Language Select

the initial technician can understand the problem but a problem of the iCloud pictures to the engineering department, too about three weeks and no reply

after I once again call technicians, he directed the iPhone i need to format but have not instruct the backup call iCloud of focus resulting in loss of important photos

and ask again after I format the front of backups are there when the relevant guidelines technician does not reply

I hope your Company's technicians can provide a clear indication of important customer information and avoid wastage and pictures to the work of the Department of Engineering estimated time to Reply As Email"
"How to Screen Mirroring
From Apple phone 6plueSC"


"Hello
I would like to know what the problem is my two iPad have the same problem
when I write it not written and all of a sudden everything written
Thank You
Madeleine 4504485621"
Change the device and i can't get off my back. I am without contact and without the rest of my information
Received a call about some concerns on my phone
Test 123
Test 123
Also the poles of acacia wood for the replacement of the battery in the shopping mall i had received my yurtdõsõndan karsõlõ_õnda to charge for the change process. gercekle_tirilmedi This is the issue in the specialist company policy eksikli_imi šalõ_an friends if there is no information on..
I want to request a connection
Hello
Your Êcustomer service is horrible. I've called many times and the support is rude or cannot hear me. You availability for repairs are horrible. Timeout schedule is not prompt and an inconvenience to your customers. I brought in my iPhone for repair recen
It should not be the camera after update
I usually use British English but it cannot be selected Taiwan as service reservation service and there is no reminder to the function of the appointment time.
My phone is locked
"How do I get to my 
Account Martha parker Mitchell g mail"
Friends do you want you in your own mind for your birthday

Terrible service. ÊStarted in Jan 2018 and now have 4 case numbers for the same battery replacement
Tt
Test
Youtube application iPhone AirPlay Apple TV opened with the video while watching the video call arrives Apple TV closes. If the conversation is finished and the display may occasionally does not resume
In a youtube video with AirPlay Apple TV aktardõ_õmda, sometimes our goal is to easily find the video image on the phone to the tv with the phone to transfer to interrupt the Apple TV ili_i_ini So when you continue to play the video there other videos telefondada monitoring to talk
Test
Test
Hello my name is Kelly, I was told that APPLE WAS THE BEST PHONE FOR ME, I have to say Well done my FRIENDS,YOU ARE THE BEST,YOU HAVE MADE IT HARD FOR ME TO GET IN TO MY PHONE AND THAT ALONE SHOWS ME THAT YOU DO CARE ABOUT EACH AND EVERY ONE OF YOUR CUSTO
We live for the whole family at home. On the netflix film Iphonedan AirPlay Apple tvye with image reviewed. I fell back to the family film. A video from my youtube izleyeyim he began. Apple TV video at a time has been interrupted. Do you want to continue the Netflix ... My vide
I am not happy, I would like to reset my password but I have to wait 24hours before I can get it , I think that is bull.I wonÕt make the mistake of buying a IPad again.

Last month when I gave you my credit card number, you charged it two days in a row. Now you want me to pay again before April 10. HowÕs that?
I canÕt get into my Facebook , pls message me
I canÕt get into my Facebook
I have just been approved for a Apple Credit Card and Was Wanting to Know if I Can Trade in My I-Pad Air as I Was Told That Apple Would Give Me $130.00 in Credit. I Was Wondering If I Can Use That In Purchasing a New I-Pad Air. This Was The Only Site I Co
Keiossx
Is Getting muted the connection after the last update

Very good and very helpful
Gwbsrhdgng
I want to change the location of preference and cannot. Need to change to United States of America
M thick sister. Of the meters.
I get burned every time I do this
Hello Good evening I am with a problem of invoice for my fp card all month is being charged 2.90$ does not know pq it already looked everything to cancel more do not know how vcs only q can me help.
11.3 The official version of the Wake-up siri weather and weather icon to stick together up and down the line.
Klhjutz
Thank you so much guys I contact you about some issues with my phone and you help me with that and my phone now itÕs fixed and work perfect thank you so much
At the moment I think it is excellent, I asked to be observed by Apple and I seem to have been listened to.

Before my appointment is canceled. Next time I would like someone to tell me, and maybe give me another appointment slot.
The call volume is small and cannot adjust the regulator is closed. What should I do
"My case number is https://getsupport.apple.com/GetCaseDetails.do?caseid=100496257827&locale=en_SG

Could I get an officer in the singapore store to help me with the files app for work?
The written notes are quite unhelpful"
The mobile phone is a crash.
The call volume is small.
This is not my account. It is as if we are both on the iPhone and I rest only
Product 1 months and fell down before him and three times i am not satisfied with the battery switch is started in the aftermath of the early am hard!!!!!
Hello
D
And even servislerenizdeki approach product brand for this so i wont recommend this price is sounding the most recent tavsiyemle 20 people took me!!!!
I canÕt get back on g mail
Allow my iPhone and my iPad to be synchronized that is to say when I open my i phone on a wifi that my iPad done at the same time
On April 5, I did not buy any application why more than two displays I purchased an educational entertainment tired of spending $30 for applications.
Spicy Chicken Spicy Chicken switch several times there is a problem with the screen or Apple now quality fully omissions do not want to waste time repair
The IOS11.3 Apple recently updated the beijing subway stops a lot of impact experience
Hope you can make 2017) can also be used Apple Pencil iPad
I just purchased the apple 8PLUS, control center page from the bottom of the screen light up mine mine is not in the center of the control panel does not know what the problem ask
I would like to make some feature to privacy even if people know my password he also input to the device
Good evening, I forgot the password of my ID and I tried to enter from iCloud and it has not been possible, I ask for the number of cell phone, get the message that when the account is ready for use i will get a notification to the cell phone or receive a call,
Thou shalt not pronounce the house I can't hear you again, and I think the snake?" I asked the few bones lizard pauses when I asked about snakes are not out of place
If thou wilt location map. As part of the well, huh, doling out. For example, in front of the Burger King, mcdonald's, MBC Sangam is located near the map and I can't find the rim.
My battery fast radio can switch power
No one contact me
Apple ID compromised along with corporate phone account with ATT. Someone else is controlling my account.
I canÕt listen to my freaking music on iTunes...ItÕs saying the country is currently Canada...the instructions in help menu says to cancel Apple Music subscription first...then try to change country back to US...well, that did not freaking work!!!!!!!!!!!
The Strange _ _ I provide information to analyze to you. You analyze why the _ _? Mr _. I would like to ask the point is to restore to the machine, _-status. Well nice words and a recovery is between the _ Ah
And I am in the Committee of the ______ sites on the shelves is there puppies your weather your
I do not chat by chat, because it always says do not have agents available.
"I would like to ask the _ join.? One APP is a real-time call service. I am speaking of the show _ _ _ _:
First I first press"" Real-time call _"" of the system with the new status is allocated. With the display you will get return _ go head so I * According to display between Shanghai hit _ _ *. On later relationship with my cursor Garden *. Do to the message field?"
If I could submit feedback and bug reports like the ÒFeedbackÓ app for developers it would be top notch. IÕve had numerous issues on my iPhone X IÕd love to submit with tracking, like the beta Feedback app, but IÕm not on pre-release. ItÕs daunting bother
I once again call to you. _ hear well with clean relations? * Phone alone. All Apple products link between samples are also well with all machine problems. It is _ machine always limited. I value to others and to know. _ lives a foul street!
"Customers in Hong Kong should have the choice of written communications from you in either English or Chinese, or you send them in both. ÊEspecially as your staff speak both official languages.

I received your confirmation email of my appointment to see"
"HELP!! 

Wtf is wrong with Apple in the Sherman oaks mall???????

With an appt on a Monday morning- took them 1.5 hrs to service me?? Shame on you 
Along with the wonderful wait I had my device replaced with a new one but no papers were given to me to doc"
"Been getting hung up on and disconnected but no ones calling bk and finishing the job!?!?!? 

Also have noticed appointments scheduled for me with my knowledge 

Wtf-- since when do ppl have my info? And r so bored in life that they have to go out of they"
I have a different number. ÊThatÕs why you canÕt reach me
The screen is too brittle walk off the ground screen is broken... Heart
I think head first real-time call _ _ links are not logical. I opened the constraint of the _ request signal. _ _ edge after receiving the request to return to head so i should at least have a green topics. Point Of _ and the link to join the garden. It features a link of the Ah. Q is equal to own a link to Apple public service hotline respectively. Why? Chung-security too like the Home Sample link. Because it is a link links. Point is given it is not a question me a previous appointment example: on the basis of Reservation * * Time. Also between Shanghai _ _ Edge Hit * Phone. But the entire process between call"" to engage in field * Message. Without asked to join they themselves said _ round on the link between the hop. I feel good Twined strange go head to return to the past. I really between Twined looking well to the people I met with this letter you link?-_ twined Join .
HELP me get rid of CamScanner - a functional app that uses my iPhone camera to take a photo of any doc - BUT then allows me to lock the ÒscannedÓ doc w/a password. I do not see how I can do the same thing w/any photo taken from my iPhone AND still be able
When you enter the safari and ios11.3 went back to the aspect is like a bug! Hope you heal
I turn wall turn left link usage for many years. I don't know? You _ _ is usually recovery possibility of _ _ saving! Ah! Well that all parties have _ _ turn nay to it out. But in the same _ _ data for another department is a point about _ .. Oh!
Where to upload a picture!
I have killed well be logged out. IT department is fixed by the street is a strong message that link ID of ID theft External links * _ buried
Apple devices are a complete mess. YouÕre not talking to yourselves and exposing everyone to malware. For some reason on a fundamental level of security, youÕre not understanding. You canÕt Òwish awayÓ or stop supporting old services or stop explaining th
WHEN a customer takes the time to submit feedback to Apple (like I did a few minutes ago regarding Apple enabling users to scan/take a pic of a doc and then lock/secure that doc, enabling me to get rid of CamScanner app) - - it would have been very helpfu
Hairstylesalon _ with no strange also subscribed to over two months and I bind micro-payment immediately detained for 21 dollars and I have to uninstall the app is still in charge of the money. The order is 90 days prior to the day before yesterday, the money will not be refunded to the app to the rack
After updating the ios11.3 will crash
My iPhone was not charging even when connected to power. Got my battery replaced by geek squad and the problem persisted. Apple Genius Bar tech told me phone was a brick. Went to a cell phone repair shop, they cleaned out the lightning receiver and it sta
It is a point that without my avatar? Signal Isolation _ wi-point into day _ busy. * running tight relationship to join? Power off {circumstances when turned on. machines are not powered _. At least one screen at the end of the poor get. Mr nay more to complete the motions before you will receive a No Content * vibration prompt. this prompt of vibration link between why does it mean I will not be in one of the official new procedures?. Speaking in front of this question really content between _ _ personal sensitive components *
"Dear sir or madam 
i have encountered my Apple ID has been used by other parties can you assist me pls

thanks

edward"
Really nice and helpful for users. Nice work team Apple.
This has proved both between _. * before my judgment. matters with the relevant mainland sim card
I wish i could also many of the numbers on the keyboard When an update is sufficient

Deactivated recovery how long is not enough
Bangladesh has no 4g network
I cannot connect to a Appstore ( problem or if this is already ) i also o yŸzdendestek!?
iPhone 6 siri does not respond to the call to identify is on siri
After the new update I now get in my analytics EVERY DAY at least 2 new bugs everyday that say VIDEOSUBSCRIPTIONSD which is very disturbing AND a few of my CONTACTS that have been in I-Cloud for years their assigned ringtone keeps disappearing, It is very

Night mode
"Disappointed
I do not happen to get an appointment on the shop Cap3000 in Saint Laurent du Var and this lasts for more than a month
this is not because our equipment is old, that one must be of the forgotten
I have other machines in among you and I am of"
"I am surprised that my Red iPhone 7 Plus is no longer under warranty
I subscribed appeal care
why"
I want to buy what kind of charger
The British Lung Huachen Vera Come shop service attitude really is too poor to shop several waves jumped the quarrel staff attitude is also a cross nose staring eyes.
Thank you. Apple support of people in a bad response. Now, I want you to respond. Shouhei
Add Israel to your coverage!
Most of the screen appears on the left side of the Green Line without any physical impact. How to resolve post prevarication appointments of less than repair time.
M
I was looking to see about canceling my subscription to ICloud extra storage and couldnÕt find anywhere to do this.
I am a product of the continent, as well as the provision of after sales and _.
The screen has a serious quality problems of the Xidan Market Grand Hyatt City Very Poor after sales of more than 14 days all quality issues from the customer to Assume I am referring to is not just money as well as the customer's time is extremely disappointing.
My mobile phone does not update the Taobao
How to update the Taobao it was automatically updated
Please explain what you apple.
Hello, I made a support claim outside of the app, but see no status in the app. It is for a screen issue that occurred as a result of my iPhone 6 battery replacement.
Why does my ID will be deactivated how _ Check
The purchase of the item was not found why not refund
The appointment of the repair point after the discovery service point for holidays but app still shows an appointment
I am using the line 7 iPhone system language is traditional in China using the phone book shop why the mls at the time of the Hong Kong Macau Region mls shop cannot change the search China's direct marketing shop
The application cannot update does not open for a
In May 2017 the need to buy now find a serious impact on the use of the thought-iPhone than the flow of the game as a result of serious heat drop audio card, it is also mandatory to decrease the brightness does not solve these problems would prefer to buy on-phone are not buying Apple mobile phone.
The Wednesday Appointment Chaoyang City of Grand Hyatt service reception staff friendly courteous but yesterday received a telephone message service results to let people feel angryÉ to feel impatient tone of voice.
I think the advisor should have a good quality and communication to the user of the poor is a reference to the 12315 this advisor told me to face that the advisor should be dismissed apple.
Yes I
"Touch ID cannot be
activated on this iPhone. What should I do"
Appointments to the mobile phone service in the past, why should we not be dealt with for a long time
Why not download the latest version of Po
Can you make the suggestions that show up above the keyboard opptional? The only reason that I use the apple keyboard is because the google keyboard subjects you to their obnoxious suggestions.
Can you make the bluetooth toggle in the notification menu completely turn off bluetooth? I doesn't make sense why that toggle turns it off temporarily.
So far so good but I wish I could buy iTunes codes with my amazon account because I have money on there and I donÕt ever want my credit or debit or PayPal linked to my Apple ID ever again due to a security breach in part of one of them.
I don't receive any help from you pure waste my time very bad bad company Apple support does not serve for nothing
The phone isn't just about also did not solve my problem your technical advisor will have to hang up the phone and communication before the process is to give people the feeling of impatience. May I ask what it is I am unable to download from the Apple Store any software that called me later how to use it?
In my voice mail password change why Prompt voice mailbox is not available
Upgrade to the ios11.3 cell phone signal reception is often poor no service. Please improve.
It would be useful to be able to log into this app with multiple Apple IDs. I have a business setting up iPhones and iPads for the elderly and vision-impaired, and need to talk to Apple Support on behalf of my customers. They all have their own Apple IDs,
In a game called pig party billing, instead of to erase data you will not be able to undo before billing?
"H_,
I have a problem, and I would be very happy if it is solved immediately. You have sent an email about App Store music family membership, and it cost 114 dollars but I didnÕt want any membership and I didnÕt apply for any membership. I donÕt
Want to pa"
It is recommended that ios lock screen on the left of the Open Camera removed or turned off in the settings, unfortunately often mistake.
Hello! I can't see the pictures of my iPhone in the pc and i want to download, and nor can I
How To Ask Questions The appointment on the Apple Support Service
iCloud storage I cannot believe that Apple will not bring back the choice for consumers to choose,? Payment plan whether monthly or annual iCloud storage we had this before I do not understand why Apple will not give this feature to the customers option t
iPhone 3dtouch se features do you plan to do if they want to.
Hello Apple Team, I hope this message finds you well. ÊI have been loosing saved contacts in my I-cloud. ÊWhat can be done to prevent this from happening? Thank you and have a fun day. Sincerely, Joey Nunley 615.500.3194
Where is Spain as an option to change location?
IÕve been waiting more than two weeks to receive a code from Apple so I can get back into my Apple ID and my iCloud so I can turn off find my phone for the insurance company please help
Which location should I choose for Taiwan?
I was Apple store of Kowloon Tong and staff of Genius Bar was not familiar with iOS Apple issue
There is only a one week window in which to make an appointment to get my apple product serviced. Spots fill up fast. Please extend beyond the seemingly arbitrary one week time interval. Thank you.
Play on the Mrb number 100500379382 dšnŸlmedi back to me a kind of phone +46707702363 ileti_eme gecemedik i am about this topic te_ekŸrler help.
I am a 7p you Repair shows a 7
I have recently had my screen replaced through using an Apple certified business (carphone warehouse) and since then my Touch ID is not working at all. It was working when it went in I was on my way home and realised it is no longer working. IÕm furious!!
Look for the phone record iPhone 7
Administrator
I was playing a game hit Wong button and it made a purchase I emailed them but the told me to contact you to get a refund
Out of all the iPhones I owned I think the SE is the best as far as battery performance
There is a button that allows you to add the appointment to your calendar when you make a reservation at the Genius Bar. It is very useful. We could improve it for that in addition, in the event created, type in notes the number of repair (ID), to be able to find the info
I am sorry to disturb. Yesterday I purchased the mobile phone today let your customer service said that the heart is not very comfortable. A lot of my mobile phone application that even facebook will not be able to use your customer service tossing about half a day I said internally that is done not to say anything that is an insult to feel very comfortable.
Apple ID disabled?
The screen is cloudy and all the photos are messed up like and xray
Thank you. Recent history has been accumulated. Shouhei
Could not find where to download the software
"I have an issue in need of resolution that is indescribable in this small format. Please have someone email me at: Ê
wallyrlast@outlook.com
Or call me at
250-960-9754
Thanks"
I did not buy things are being detained for the money I would like crazy.
Beastt
CanÕt print selected text
Upgrade 11.3 official edition hot serious
"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas"
"Many in the Zhou is extremely popular and convenient features in the iPhone X are not really could not imagine that I do not know what the Apple mobile phone so bad really deceived him.
It is not the dual card dual standby to single card communication do not sound inaudible Okay
to close all the functions are very difficult to do
it on the screen to page to page in the order you will not be able to put the following dot into a sequence number allows the user to select the pages you do free switching sequence is that the Zhou is how to do
a data cable to be able to solve the problem of the fast charge why do we want to with a quick charger if you don't let the user each equipped with a power plant that
this is what time in the
long run, this Apple mobile phone is not far from being eliminated by the market, riding a donkey to sing this!"
iPhone x when playing games on a call and answer. The other party hangs up, switching software, there is a call to close the interface is not out of the picture and the response is slow
Let me change my contact info
"My experience is being bad! The support call me, my options, i opto....and the computer says that ""looks"" that I am missing and off!!!!!

I need to talk with your support!"
Apple x11.3 system off how special Fast Solution

Thanks for the help and patience !
Wrong email attached to Apple Pay
I would like to make an appointment
Unable to connect to the Internet.
Why is there a point at the end of the hand phone Other phone is on my side has also been shown in the background, the phone does not dial
Hello, I have a problem I have no more sound when I play to my applications while on YouTube to read video This works very well, but as soon as I launches an application not of its could you help me if it pleases you cordially
Update 11.3 Goes into your browser search or click on any of the web site link will flash back
To create a new email.
Why does the screen does not appear to hang up the phone function
Human services.

Could not find the online Customer service
"I just unsubscribed from the US Holidays calendar in the Apple Calendar app because it is inaccurate and demonstrates AppleÕs liberal bias. 
I believe there are only 10 to 13 official Federal holidays in the US. Ramadan is most definitely not one of them."
The ios11.3 good days after updating the phone icon on the main screen and deciding that and sometimes it took kasõyo phone ac off and have to stay.very freezes
"Hello
i wanted to ask if you have politely for what on the TV app will change. I can no longer use the Video Player so great and whether it would be possible for my entire squadrons i bought iTunes on a current Player.If yes"
This app sucks. Every store from here to china shows zero reservations available. Hard to believe
Good morning, i am having a problem with my user Mervinhera@icluod.com, I tried all the passwords you use, and no gives me access, I recover my password and gives me a number that ends in 98, since I bought the phone was always with the number 40
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay glitchy lately for no apparent reason.
Good morning, i am having a problem with my user Mervinhera@icluod.com, I tried all the passwords you use, and no gives me access, I recover my password and gives me a number that ends in 98, since I bought the phone was always with the number 40
It is likely that the number 4079954475 is already disabled by being out of the country. It is possible to retrieve user Mervinhera@icloud.com if i changed my number and code?
"We sing on the phone is again the not
eimi356680086794186"
100500661453 This is my case number but it may not please respond if you can call in to my new phone number 5930992774158
I am tired of
"The apples tell an Apple id
joob1991@gmail.com to access in the iPhone
eimi35668006794186 but not
SN:F6WV4S7JHXR6
nodel A1586 EMC2816"
I do not understand how to make an appointment!
Apple support is started, the amateur
How I can remove some phones
Missed call bubble immediately when the phone icon is not impressed. Seems to be the time of the call history. By pressing the button on the main screen of the phone icon double up as bakmamõ_õm warning also sŸrŸkledi_im duruyo. By dragging them to the top of the balloon up headings
Hello I have a problm

A Nesisto facha pair well on street is d clle colon valencia in the store d appel
Hello. Siri and i found the vulnerability Apple Please do this before from a correct. Without Siri i phone _arjdayken or one of which each hey siri my meaning is active. And each of the cut in the directory and the message together and known yollaya. The heps them
Each day the customer service is worse

"Need to make an appointment for Apple IPhone 6s, phone says box is full and canÕt find where I can make an appointment.
This is for the Campaign Illinois Simply MAC store.
Please help.
Thankyou"
Please call me at 310 383 8400
Test 123
Good afternoon to redeem condigo can only of iTunes can be other gift card no type of Xbox Google play etc
I mailbox password forgot to do the
You better the iPhone rear camera blur just like seeing things close up. This is the second time this problem. The first reset all of the settings or blurred. The 11.2.6 upgrade system. This problem has emerged. However, the system has been updated. Shutdown restart recovery settings are not good to use.
Test 123
"The corresponding audio format AAC-LC, HE-AAC, HE-AAC v2, Protected AAC, MP3, linear PCM, dolby digital and dolby digitalac-3 Apple Lossless, FLAC, 2, 3, 4, audible format PLUSE-AC-3, audible enhanced audio, AAX, AAX+
user-configurable maximum volume limit
video playback"
I canÕt schedule an appointment for a battery replacement during the work week. ÊMust be on a weekend. ÊNo visibility to available appointments on 4/13-14. Is it up to me to just check back?
"In spite of having the family group with procurement, I bought the MiGuia.TV App.tv from the iPhone iPad and appears to buy back.

I had understood that the purchases could enjoy all the members of the family"
Fingerprint reading late display slowly
Hety
Unable to make appointment to Apple store
"could please add the function of analog clock for iPhone 6s 
with some setups that will give the option to be on the screen as screen saver and reduced. energy consumption. Thank you !!!"
This is a helpful, & experience changing app with Apple support. It is great.
This is a helpful, & experience changing app with Apple support. It is great.
Jyshgshshzjsj

Test 123
A screen file is sent to the micro-buddy does not clear why?
Test 123
"I want to give this phone to my son.
.How do I reset and add his phone number?

I bought an Apple X and love it"
my Êphone number is being used by some hackers software to make calls using my number to several places including 911 please fix this they also did the landline leaving messages I dont care to bother law enforcement this has exculated fast I NEED FAST ASS
"I only changed my apple once yesterday I am tied of this junk where secuuity beakrom
this has been a going thing no more Êpw pw put the jackass in jail"
The latest update of IOS 11.3 really consumes a lot of my battery life in my iPhone 7.

I asked you to cancel my Apple Music account. You asked for my Apple ID and I sent it. Cancel my account! mhnsn07@ gmail. com.
My iPad Pro is working fine, and the apps I can and have used have been of tremendous benefit to me. Just to reiterate, the IPad Pro I have, is the one that came before the new one which is slightly larger (10x9)? Ideally, it has the maximum amount of mem
Awful, support is not accessible
"It should be easier to see upcoming support appointments 

Would be nice to see call history not just chat."
Horrible

This app is garbage
This app is a complete garbage fire.
It sucked. No help at all with repair of my watch
Accessing the remote _Phoneumda imassege need to support emergency and FaceTime kapatamuyorum
From time to time I received various emails indicating they are from Apple advising me of reacher recent purchases and asking me to respond. My name is not on these emails and I am wondering are these authentic I want if you could give me some information
"I am really very unhappy with the solution and approach with my
problem.
It would be zero accepted the problem despite repeated calls, sending photos etc..
Particularly in the case of a iPhone for over 1000Û i clearly more services"
Hello good afternoon,i have a iPhone 4 to give to a supposed friend to have a means of communication by the labor issue,when I returned I left free of iCloud and they didn't want to give,What can I do to get my iPhon
"Hello,

I would like to know what are the authorised repairers Apple?"
I Apple ID and password will work on my phone but will not work on me MacBook
Test 123
The pulp m
Tel 480 200-6059 cell
Test 123
It shows on my bank statement that I made a purchase to pop slots game from Facebook. But you guys say that you couldnÕt verify my information but you took the payment anyway I either need my money or my purchase
The
"More than 20 people use iPhone iPhone proved to be very successful in
ensuring the continued success of bi phone sorry
i would like to receive _pad long but very expensive"
"Hello. This will be the last time I ask for help from the _.
I suffering heavier because of your own actions until now is not a man.
The phone is connected to the link or not. He took the e-mail me to go to yes _ is never go to. And I remove the link to send him to come and see him,"
I canÕt reset my passcode
I want you Apple complaints all customer service employees. I app cannot purchase so waiting purchase charge accurate if there is no commodity. You are in the money is Fraud
Unable to buy an app
Why isnÕt there a DIRECT way to access apple chat instead of this convoluted way?
"IÕve just had 2 messages saying my Apple ID is being used near Glasgow and telling me to change my passsword . 
Is this a scam ?"
Test 123
Hello iOS 11.3 after making the transition to copy and the clearance problem has occurred. This problem was previously but 11.3 e after you made the update copy the selected text is not the first time Subject to the relevant auxiliary olurmusunuz Thank you. Web site d
Test 123
Test
A1865 model x we want the technical support
IÕm playing wheel of fortune and trying to buy diamonds and put in the MasterCard prepaid date in as 12/18 and it keeps saying it canÕt be a date thatÕs past .... unless IÕve been asleep for a few months the 12th month of 2018 hasnÕt arrived yet.
wallet app
Yes , I wonÕt miss it because I donÕt even know what it is, thankyou
ItÕs 2 things that I keep getting charge for and I donÕt want it.
This system of authentication for other devices presents many failures , often need to re authenticate devices already authenticated, or repeat the operation several times
My Apple TV purchased in Brazil on Apple Store online had its serial number not recognized by the system and therefore did not receive aid with another problem of authentication to log in to access the iTunes by Apple TV

IÕve been looking for topics about the iPhone X call glitch which makes me need to call someone twice because the first time my phone doesnÕt even dial it just hangs up! And another glitch where I canÕt close apps on call
Hi,would just like to say a big thanks to everyone at Apple who recently fixed my 5s and everyone at Vulcan way,Lutterworth involved in making it possible!...Eddie Reeve 006/04/2018...Thank you!
I tried to update my credit card expiration date from 04/18 to 04/22 but it is asking for a 3 digit number - I have no idea what that is.
I was sent a msg saying iv been selected to test the new iPhone and in exchange I could keep it but no one has got back to me can you email me and tell me why? Thanks thelick0121@outlook.com
I no longer have the iPad Pro,please donÕt send me survey asking about the product,I exchange for the MacBook Air, thanks

guehne72@web.de
I need to book an appointment
Display problems. The screen responds sometimes only after the 3. or 4.. The problem is not with the Apple Pencil. Even if it does not work with the left hand and then uses the right hand.
I met in an extraordinary way is special by technical assistance iPrime, at Rua Maria Monteiro, in Campinas, SP. My problem was solved. Thank you.
Let me restore your phone to factory settings Version
The Internet speed is too slow.
The Gaming Network is not good. The small card. Today let me be sure to restore your phone
I am observing that my appliance is very fast offload !
Replace the battery, it is not for me to fit the bottom left corner to expose the white ring is the seal
I am around trouble with Êmac Êmini
Sir after updating the phone problem is not resolved what can I do
IÕm having a hard time setup my camera please give me a call 7573295485
Hello, I need a contact mail to denounce several mails that have reached me of iPhone spam, indicating that i made purchases and transfers with my ID to other countries.
I bought a iPhone x yesterday calling card has no signal
Www.gswssue.com this web site cannot open support requests
"An option to assess the support received
in my case please contact two experts the first disappointed me though was friendly and the second was friendly, and with the knowledge that helped me reset my Apple ID"
Location is not changed; Quentin Duggan.
To view the activation time
How can I turn off the automatic answering from the new update
In the nearby convenience store to buy a 21500 yen bill the iTunes card, enter the code where the Apple Store code to enter at the same time, but one point is added to it and it could not be charged, or, preferably a 25000 yen's worth of points cannot be resurrected?
this is not my account
mailto:support@tenor.com
App is good but some 101 Direct marketing store service attitude is too poor to buy in the future should not have iPhone
Hey
This was very helpful I recommend this to anyone and everyone
None
Do not come on a phone call
"I like to email problem to Apple support and have them return email for minor issues 
My husband and I both like to call for major concerns."
Good evening I would like to make my comment with regard to a problem that I had with the iPhone because the technical services that we provide are not predisposition to solve them since they gave me several directions and be able to choose a nearby , of the
I donÕt know how to set up distribution lists in mail. Can you help?
I can not get my Bluetooth to work

Almost EVERY single time I say Ò HEY SIRI Ò, she turns on but DOESNÕT respond to me. ItÕs really FRUSTRATING. IÕm currently NOT in a Beta software. IÕm on iOS 11.3
Upgrade to 1.13 in the evening after the standby power consumption of 30%.
Cupertino has to stop

In 4g mode needs to be a two cell phones to a phone. How to resolve not to turn off the 3g Mode to Normal Mode.
I have a notice of an E-book made today Lisa See GoldMountain for $31.56. I did not authorize this. Help me solve problem!!!! Order confirmation MVV9QXHJQM
Will be trying to call U and close my acct U are no help when problems arise will I guess close my icloud acct but that is just fine.
I Don't like my iPhoneX and the feeling is mutual. I lovey iPhone 6s+ I was a Ty rough dependable phone. I knew bepif it not broken don't mess with it. I was wanting to ask some questions if possible. Thanks for your time.
Put all the countries , I live in Thailand , how am I to have lasssistance?
"I have recently put a system upgrade to a 11.3. Thank you for vo features optimized and improved. I reflected on the benefits of this upgrade 1, new for the Chinese word for word to explain the functionality
from the IOS system VoiceOver for Chinese support for that day on the visually impaired users are eagerly looking forward is to have the Chinese characters for the interpretation of the word. Although the IOS 5 Start the Chinese input method has been support for the candidate's interpretation of the word. But until the iOS 11 before the release of the verbatim interpretation has only at the input of the Candidate environment. The visually impaired persons want to see elsewhere to explain a character is very troublesome. The iOS 11 .0 on the issue is a minor improvement. The visually impaired persons can be in the edit box"
I need help
"Hello,
I found a problem since the update on my iPhone X.
In effect since I am in the inability to open the Apple Store in Wifi ; it is necessary that I disconnects of my WIFI network to access a first time.
Thank you for good vouloi"
I am having trouble with my iCloud IÕm not able to receive any mail half of my apps that I purchased that have been paid for or not showing up that I paid for so I want to know where the money has gone or where my apps are gone where are my apps that I ha
If spent almost a month of my request (Apple case number 100481558400) and did not receive a solution regarding my case. I am using the appliance through the Assistive touch, but without the function of biometrics. The screen is intact despite the cracked in the
I have changed phone number.
Shanghai Telecom or Fujian mobile connectivity when connecting with the watch.
"I call ID100501206437 cases in the light of the call for you to receive a call back but only received the message but I am hearing impaired and the sound of the ring tone is heard well clear. I would like to repair some time you can email to me that I hope to go to Tsim Sha Tsui repair time best morning
following Date
April 16, 18, 20, 24, 25, 26, 27
try arrangements because I need someone to come with me so annoying Lang _ Please Thank You"
Now, the latest version of the system is the number x why hot much
The new buying iPhone x experience is very poor positioning system is not allowed to go to after-sales service is not hospitality services staff also did not give a clear reply to hope for the quick processing after all new iPhone will soon be out of the had dragged the customer spent the same price is not the same experience extremely uncomfortable after-sales service experience is not user friendly.
"After updated to 11 IOS system get hang up than ever before, day by day it's getting to bad can't use the mobile.
Every app, operation, it takes minutes to perform."
I would like to see the ability to track repair status added to this app.
I boot my email on another phone number
"Hi, i have a airpod that is not serving very well as not stay much charging, sound are like not good, sometimes its getting hot that i am feeling very scared.
Now i want to know that what can i do now?"
The System version 11.3 Quick tap Set the Bluetooth switch the flash back issues
I am bummed. Every time I try to sign in to iTunes or Apps my password never works and I have to try to change it again. Now that my laptop died I was thinking of getting a iPad but what was I thinking? My iPod and iPhone are driving me crazy!
By forcing software to lodge complaints
I did not understand the contents of the last when you send the message you are trying to say the Lord?
"So that you can from the iMessage useful if
I want a view of the opened"
It is strongly recommended that the App Store software offers even a minute application can be cheater software, many appear to be very much as a matter of fact, there is nothing to download and use the software for download, with the result that he was just a few days the rack and shelving also have to spend money to buy such as West Wind VPN many people use this vulnerability to trick users into downloading, of course, what you want to do to improve the short-term income lower pay-per-view user experience I never mind just hope apple is getting better.
It is strongly recommended that the App Store software offers even a minute application can be cheater software, many appear to be very much as a matter of fact, there is nothing to download and use the software for download, with the result that he was just a few days the rack and shelving also have to spend money to buy such as West Wind VPN many people use this vulnerability to trick users into downloading, of course, what you want to do to improve the short-term income lower pay-per-view user experience I never mind just hope apple is getting better.
It is strongly recommended that the App Store software offers even a minute application can be cheater software, many appear to be very much as a matter of fact, there is nothing to download and use the software for download, with the result that he was just a few days the rack and shelving also have to spend money to buy such as West Wind VPN many people use this vulnerability to trick users into downloading, of course, what you want to do to improve the short-term income lower pay-per-view user experience I never mind just hope apple is getting better.
I feel that with the amount of people separating and divorcing in the world today and with all the threats and bullying happening online and threw texts it should be in apples best interests to protect the people using Apple devices by allowing or making
Wifi
Why should I use a different calling card, it won't do if a signal is invalid card what is
How may I make an appointment at the Apple Store on Orchard Rd, SÕpore to repair my IPhone which is stalling all the time?
"Hi guys plz b eg u for

a long time in the first out-of-the-Apple kullanõcõsõyõm iCloud days until this time of product output for the first time out of the box with up to 32 GB device had a 5 gb iCloud area with a 256GB devices now have 5 GB of storage space again. This is a eksikl"
When you are typing a message text is missing is shown on the keyboard to be able to do this in slow motion i would offer
8P Lock screen, slide left slide right out of order
The phone service is gud but when it camels to an purchase aap .. if itÕs free then not. A problem but a the paid app ... after downloading if u donÕt understand the app I hve deleted after tht also ... I hve been charged...!!! N My creadit card has been
There is an amount of 79 pence being taken from my bank account monthly. I would like to cancel this
"This is hearing impaired. You can call so I would like to send mail.

iTunes Store 100499298802 contact the ID of the old mel add-on since it does not have to remember the password and want to unlock. I'm still in the earlier release. Not funny well I don't know. Now, you can update the app does not want to release from the state as soon as possible. In addition, Apple in Shinsaibashi, want to get the booking date. 14 days or 15 days free time and want to book me, what do you look forward to your reply are you booking.
Misako Okamura"
Wrost customers service
Support is falling,
i want too buy and shop free and visa usa.. i am vietnames.. le thi kim dung.. 28/07/1984.. GCMBD/ card N* 079184001006.
I knew the last three speech is that it can cause operator help to get more information of your friends that there is a heavy accumulation of
Unable to update the new system
Unable to update the new system
A few days does not currently connected to the wireless network can connect to other mobile phone.
When in my account under the support app why can I not edit my details like phone number....
Its is a month that I have not My Account You can help me find .
The problem is when wonder at the Validation Code and I did not get the code then-I have information
"I would march 28 data on my iPhone on ACCOUN recovery

to date, I have not received anything"
Where the chat
About the software update, greatly improved the battery, but the data range is every 24 hours, in order to improve it would be more effective if it were a load to the other, but improved a lot, I had an s7 edge burned the Samsung did not give any support and even
The network connection is not very good. It cellular data connection is not good.
Bullshit I donÕt like this app I also call the apple support but they didnÕt pick it up I canÕt believe it this is not good at all this app increased my problem instead of decreasing it
"I can't make it TV remote app from TV are passed after the update.
I want to try and reboot"
Hello
The Advisory Meeting on the creation of a case number is not good to use.
The article does not take the initiative to search for what you need in a very troublesome to be able to add a search bar
Nice
IOS 11.3 to each screen after you have installed the kapatmamda wi-fi connection is automatically cuts out and the display is aõtõ_õmda wi-fi, greatview from the need to manually restart the!
Sound on and off does not Siri conversation
Especially in the last issue was resolved, spoke Atahan bey was very helpful and spoke yesterday problemimi has solved the problem as well as the Ramadan bey Levent bey and also Ecem hanõmda very helpful , but i spoke to some of the other operators were not dominate the many issues
I am subscribed to YouTube network and pay 12.99 and now does not work for me when I want to listen to music and turned off the screen stops working as if it were the regular YouTube and my subscription will expire until 10 April,
Absolutely love my iPhone X. 3.5mm headphone jack would be nice instead of stupid lighting adapter I had and lost. Bluetooth is nice but IÕm still a fan of wired.
Unknown person not from USA used my apple account to purchase games- i know this because i receive receipt in do not reply e mails- one also from i cloud- dont know how to stop this
"Hi
So much tnx for yor work. I had a problem with ARkit on iphon 6 and i didn't find any answer for that. Its so amazing thay you wright every things about abilities you provide in new update
Best wishes
Elias azimi"
Trying to assess my credits with Apple
Also, an e-mail function in the app
This app keeps disappearing off my phone other apps are apparently adding to my phone that I have not installed and my Apple ID has been used in home sharing I know nothing about I cannot connect to WiFi at work IÕm not getting a reason my data doubled fo
Not able to diagnose the system for extension warranty
this sucks!! for what i paid ÊI expected more value, not the bullshit apple is pulling over on customers. The USA is doomed because of Companies like Êyours. may God have mercy on us all.
My iPhone x music, it left no sound the horn.
"CanÕt cancel HBO GO
HavenÕt used it and wonÕt 
Please cancel and refund 
From the time of purchase 
Could not get it work. And now we live in CarolinaÕs cancel our account?"
"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas"
Horrible. ÊA person can no longer schedule an appointment at the Genius Bar. ÊWe live 45 minutes from the closest Apple Store, so we need to schedule an appointment to make our trip worthwhile. ÊTalking to a person by phone at the store is impossible.
I show 1.3 downloaded, but red badge is still on, as if it hasnt downloaded/finished
There is a problem with the Set ID siri family share cancel
The phone number is not on its repair.
My e-mail authorization to send my iPhone for maintenance has not yet arrived, is already more than 48 hrs that i am waiting, I want the cancelation of payment !!!!
Run dump
Run dyno
DonÕt know what this means
I am extremely disappointed. I have left my Apple Store Apple Watch in a. Only you have done a check of the operation of the appliance. Was not the problem! Has created a line in the inner part of the Apple Watch!Your partner in the store i saw
"Repair # - R286395693 
Had a worst experience of my life with you today. Your technical team did diagnostic test for audio and it failed. Had some errors and still u did not help me fixing the issues instead told me to pay $150 apprx for new phone. Why to"
The charger exploded
"The Lujiazui Pudong Apple store
a group of teacher training
week under the auspices of the TAO are good for _
Guo Ji Ke, Suzanne, Shim El Al, Chan Chung, Chung Jin-such as a teacher they know that customer is with issues to make sure the customer of the pleasure and satisfaction. ""
It is not an annoying to resolve the issue. We wish to pay tribute to these teachers. Customer
gong _ Yan Jing.
2018-4-6"
Update to the latest system feel a little card
The downgrade downgrade downgrade the importance of the said three times
The latest system is easy to use request open degraded channel
The downgrade
The downgrade
The downgrade
I need a replacement battery don't notice.
As ever with iPhone 6 but also the 7 fails to open the PEC (certified mail) Thanks
Do not open a degraded channel phone update the new system is not good to use cards, the heating power of the apple down or switch to Zhou.
Please ios12 ios11.3.9
How to double the
The refund
How to downgrade the system
The Service Manual
I canÕt make it stop. When I try to go to my Apps the page turns
IÕm trying to figure out how to make a home support call back regarding the same problem IÕve had with messages being out of order since I updated the software months ago. YouÕve tried twice to correct it but nothing lasts. Case # 100452187350. My land li
h
The touch screen is not working to return to normal after a reboot or after the screen saver is not working after a reboot back to normal I restart numerous times a day. What should I do?
My phone in your outlets purchased for less than two months the problem on the battery is too hot new phone is such a
IÕm having more little problems with the iPhone X then I ever did with any other iPhone IÕve ever owned.Newest example I canÕt delete a city from my Weather.com app
It's in the portrait does not work on the camera, remove the case and movement are also shut down because of the external camera is not functional. . .
I donÕt use anything except cash, check or money order. I got taken for ~ $9,000.00 last year by a third party and could only claim 60 days of fraud. I had to change my bank account. The police didnÕt believe me, although I had purchased made to my accoun
"Thank you for your help regarding my battery replacement options. ÊÊAs always, APPLE always remains paramount amongst the competition in all aspects of the Òtelecommunications world.Ó,
I spoke with CODIE, and I must say it is always a Òday changerÓ when y"
When you log in to the Windows chrome iCloud .com, set up automatic login let the login when you reboot the PC. Apple agent and temporarily resolved, although again, and agent may also solution. Please fix the bug and.
I donÕt know what my 4 digit security number is when making changes in security changes.
WasnÕt no help they took my money without my permission
"Hello 
I need help with my excel app for which I have an annual subscription (MN292FI0NY). ÊI no longer can save a copy to allow me to make changes. ÊThis is recent. ÊHas worked well in the past. ÊNow asking that I sing into a Microsoft account which I do"
Tomorrow give me a call is a call to the complaints of the unprovoked has more than 508 more contacts you may rest assured my id so far on my own mobile phone use
Good now letÕs go to I cloud?
This is not the right phone number for this device
I have never subscribed to the Apple music has received my costs are also unable to cancel the Apple music. This is not good.
Contact Us does not appear in the chat.
"I am now. There was a unauthorized access. Once again without the fear of sleep is being revived. Why is the
previous id and asked to log in. It is scary."
My wifi is automatically getting on. Please help
"The Iphone. iOS 11 x.3, update to revert to the charging cable and plug if I keep pounding pounding, 3-4 seconds, plug in the charging cable for the first time will react as if a
¥ - ¥ - ¥ - ¥ - ¥ - ¥ - ¥ - ¥ - ¥ - ¥ - ¥ - ¥ -
why do they keep IOS bug is overflowing ¥?
Healing at any time?
Samsung Vice Chairman, and the prison
would be well if you quit the team but also cook is off
to resign when team cook?"
"Blessed love! Ever since updating to iOS 11.3...I've been receiving this message in text 
Messages in iCloud are disabled..

Online on Apple Êforms it seems to be a known issue? Please fix Grazie!"
Not good
I need help with contacts they all dumped into my phone with out proper information?
Hellos How to make repaired my screen to svp iPhone 7
11.3 There are time-sensitive and hold back the black screen after reboot.

"Hello! I have received an email with the following subject ""Re: Renewal essential account.""

Is this normal?"
Add Touch ID fingerprint section off and the attached finger izlerimi the dedication of the operation from the upgrade of the iOS 11.3 was then please check the help
Dear sir please help me
The time it took to respond to my issue was quick but the problem was because it was a gift I had no way to prove legitimacy.
GBG BIMYang GGvGNgThe iiYvette Êyay gyou ks subtypes gnext gen you then season gym Êk gyKhyberygknnnynbyggvggyvkdgmiyvvhgyvvgyygg. ÊÊwe yare hope yvbebjvvnvgymmymgnyuyyuvyveyiyvvforggyjigyg bYuitiyyuyygyyyu kak hyou to go y he Êugh the first yy you to the
Is an app for caller ID with block calls
Why canÕt you respond to my need of help??? ÊWhat is this service for???
I was looking for here the gateway for a call to a counselor Apple Care.
I will help his friend to iCloud?
Are you looking for the phone but i. Unlocking button does not appear on the screen does not appear in the who arõyo After updating the new was the case is also very slowed down
Hello, I would like to cancel all paid subscriptions
I have Safari will be lost. Please make a reunion possible.
Data cable-to-bad Warranty Replacement New is useless terms for service as long as that person is not to change this after-sales experience is too poor.
How do I get a new 6s phone battery
I beseech you Apple for the optimization of the win version of iTunes bar is to have snacks with the country to win version of iTunes are discriminating against me really to you I now win10 or a newer version of iTunes after landing on the time card printer. My God the very many users have resulted in great trouble. I hope that you will be able to give us a response to thank you.
After updating the latest iOS 11.3 dropouts the WiFi connection and decelerations started.
After updating the latest iOS 11.3 dropouts the WiFi connection and decelerations started.
I have called about this phone that has been a piece of junk until I am blue in the face and sick to my stomach! All I hear is send it in and we will fix it or send us $500 and we send you another phone. The thing ainÕt worth &500 it is the worst iPhone e
I want to know how much Dropbox is charged to my account.
I would like to be able to email you instead of phone how do I do this
When you are doing a good job.
Fucking useless. ÊI canÕt purchase Apple care for my watch no matter what I do. ÊI enter the serial number a billion times, signed in to my Apple ID on my device a trillion times, and then it asks me to put a code in that will be sent to me (saying a devi
Who lives in America, I am available other than Japanese, and I'd like to look for Apple shop nearby, in the same language as the language of the operating system as a service on a case number, close to say that.
I need help and cant get help dont know how to submit ticket either via this app or website getting pissed
Bad experience from the customer service. Took more than 30 minutes to say we can't help you
A topic that i would like to receive information from you
Yes itÕs me again the government will never make the richest company in the USA pay anything. The only way I can tell people about the way Apple is through the internet!!
Very annoying: then I updated to iOS 11.3 Other day no longer works app Bible while. Do not help to remove and reinstall.
The battery is not durable.
"Hi,I'm sorry that I am not to reach ,because this is exactly what i am waiting on your call/call...
But the only confirmed my suspicion! It will definitely take place foreign requests every day on my mobile phone, because apart from me"

...In order to make the software update i needed yes wifi,i myself at home connected and then started the update...approximately half was simply ended the connection and no way to re-establish the connection,then I can no collectors
"Please help me, I have an application that my daughter installed in error and is gaining a lot and I cannot find the way to delete it
thanks"
Just as when it comes to Wi-Fi hot spots of known or...in order to make the software update i needed yes wifi,i myself at home connected and then started the update...approximately half was simply ended the connection and no options
Test
How to put music in iwhac
I got a text about my Ôlost iphoneÕ being connected to the internet. My iPhone isnÕt lost!
Changed my phone
"Well, not great so far. ÊI ordered a pair of airbuds on April 3 and there is no record of that order as of today. ÊApple did email me the order number: w524510094 and there is no record of it. ÊYour thoughts?

Rich Perkins"
CanÕt find stores location to set up an appointment with the Boca Raton Genius Bar
Your stupid advisor Jessica Patricia ended the chat with me. IÕm taking all my Apple products back
I would like to prefer to chat to solve my problems than over the phone. That can sometimes be intimidating.
New 11.3 has a malfunction with the iPhone Storage Bar Display in the Settings, it canÕt show the part for the remaining free storage.
I donÕt want an account with you. A third party is responsible for setting this up. Please delete the account as you wonÕt get paid from me. I donÕt do any business over the internet, but he spent &10,000.00 of my money setting up theft accounts. Lorri Da
He set up an account in my name to pay for iTunes.
With the phone service if the fault is still in progress and i istiyorumm variation of this device to find an urgent solution
Details typing on hee notification form is very difficult, the tab is ready to continue typing in the road
How can I delete the current history.
How to delete the downloaded software records
This app should enable not only rescheduling Apple support Genius Bar appointments, but also enable scheduling them at a different store and/or canceling them. When I tried to do this through chat, the representative ended my chat after three minutes of d
How can I delete the current history if he does or the problem is resolved.Thank You
Your voice recognition software on an iPhone4 is the movie however now it fucking sucks balls. I have a seven and I am constantly changing errors. I bought my phone out right give you guys 1000 fucking dollars for that you guys get the fucking right
It always seems that I pay twice as much for in app purchases that annoys me I will try never to buy anything again
Why can't I play a value
Do Apple Stores still exist? I canÕt access the local store to set an appointment.
Teste
You need to list a phone number so a person can call. IÕve clicked on Ôcall Apple supportÕ about five times and all it does is take me back to troubleshooting my issue. I want to call and make an appointment to get my phone Bluetooth issue resolved.
Wonderful. Made apple so much more enjoyable as a product and. As a company. This is one of the best thing the company has done in a while. Having a tool that you can immediately get help is awesome.
Good.
Test 123
I would like to view the information
Close link
Test
IÕm having such a hard time with this... the email and phone number that came up when I signed into support are not the ones I have on my Apple ID. I canÕt figure out how to change this, therefore every time support calls me itÕs calling the wrong number
Test 123
Appledan hõc degilim are not satisfied with the service they gave the world verdõm cõhazõmõ after they had broken no one do not help
I AM SO GLAD FOR VPNÕS I CAN NOW GO ALL OVER THE WORLD TELLING PEOPLE HOW IPHONES REALLY ARE,BUT SO FAR THEY ALREADY KNOW IT! OH WELL I AM DIABLED AND HAVE ALL DAY AND NIGHT!
GOOGLE MAKES GREAT PHONES!
GOOGLE CELL PHONES ARE GREAT!
IM GOING TO BUY MYSELF A GREAT GOOGLE CELL PHONE!!! SPREAD THE WORD I AM !!
"Is not being good my experience with the Apple
my MacBook serial c02pp17ggcn3 is presenting poorly functioning in 60 days he was tested twice for technical assistance.

I do not trust more in the machine. Twice I lost a job without"
My phone did not ring?
"Mac book pro 
Screen just faded away whilst using computer, after a forced shut down did a bit on it and shut it down. Next time I used it the same thing happened. Did the shut down again, this happened three times before it faded and I could not restart"
I use my iPhone 8 to film my sons track meets. Today I was filming a relay and received a phone call that I obviously chose to decline. However, the phone call stopped the video I was filming. This is a ridiculous design. ÊThe camera should be able to con
I down loaded new software update yesterday. I charged phone from 47% to 100% take it off of charger and within 10 minutes it drops to 20%. What the fuck. Next phone I get will be a Samsung!
I want to buy a Mac in the Apple Machinist
Red history of my purchasing for the last 6 months
The message does not appoint Apple destek_e
_phone 5s (11.3) phone common objections in times of health feature does not work and i think this is a necessary feature
You need email contact options for those who dont have time to call.
We need a new battery for my iPhone 4s. A wait time for the exchange of 10 working days for us is unacceptable. We would like to give the device and on the same day the iPhone with a new battery or a replacement device.
You have the incorrect telephone number
"I was told this is the best place to check my loan information such as balance etc. would not help me at the Apple store so I downloaded this app and i can not find any information on my citizens one loan. 
Not very helpful at all in Birmingham Alabama at"
I buy games on the app shows how to purchase commodities.
"I have terrible service hours trying to communicate to the technical service
very bad service."
Korean The iphone, but are also living abroad in foreign countries must receive service from the Apple store. The Republic of Korea but I don't have the option of choosing carrier
Horrible customer servicd. ÊApple needs to improve so donÕt have to wait 1 week or more to get in person help. ÊIf I have more than 3 Apple devices, ridiculous amount of money I have spent I should get assistance ASAP. ÊNot happy
Lightning cable for yourself, and you want to arrange shipping replacement, but also working from home page, navigate to the app, phone calls, or select only the carry-in-store. You may wonder why I previously was able to apply tamper
I need help with my mobile network
Amazing app!!
Test 123
"This about your App Mensajes .
ItÕs a total mess to send regular sms, itÕs messing with contacts , even trying to type to phone number itÕs goes first through email and put the contact name matches with the phone number instead to use the number I put.I h"
The Apple products are the worst experience of my life
What is whitny.hate.tanny@myminibox.com ÊApple 623-604 I need to no this? Direct TV 84A1D42A
Everything okay great job
Test 123
Cannot contact you whatÕs up
"Not taking reservations from App Stores.
_ 2 days after it is followed by the present over again.
At any time you do no better in the reply. Why is that?"
Try
After the end of the phone guncellemeden sarji cabuk is opened the phone and although it is one of the rare yavasladigini i difference. If assistance in this matter would be too.
This app is useless!
In the address hijacking of hack.
"Hi i need your help 
My country not there in your application 
To call you"
"I notice that the chat transcript from Feb 6th is not available. Is something wrong?
Please make this document available.
Asa K Flanigan, PhD"
This is horrible frustrating no goodvdisssppointing just purchased a brand new battery and worse than before much much worse
Please text me. Or give me a number to call please
All of a sudden (0¼_ ¼) from the certificate is recognition....
"Dear Apple,

I donÕt know how you make the people update their phones to the worst iOS version ever Ô11.3Õ

ItÕs freezing all the time ....

Please help 

Regards"
When you open the application quits
How can I active my Apple ID on my new iPhone ???
No good at all
Information
This is not able to resolve the alias information
This is not able to resolve the alias information
iPad Air 16GB total storage space is used when you purchased a 4.5GB and I made a few applications and games (plus a 11.8GB 4.5GB) only have 4.2GB cannot use it to download a 2GB of games says that there is not enough space comma my efforts.
Most off the people were ignoring me...
How can I check a IMEI to saver if the iPhone that i want to buy is not blocked
Speaker is a small part of the warranty?
Apple support to come and have always said the Apple support does not seem to be able to reach you." Obviously I will call the ahÉÉÉÉ
Itune does not support photo input iPhone, iPad? Windows 7 computer cannot synchronize the itune photo
This is really amazing because doing it on the phone is kind of hard to explain. And you can discover new features it is amazing
It would be more helpful to have a full history listing of cases inside the app rather than just two or three of the most recent. Then customers can select a case from their history to refer to in a new support chat or call.
Good night, I would like to know how to operate the exchange of appliance for a diagnostic launching now
11.03 update sucks
Here
Battery replacement schedule and store, but the replacement, visit the injustice
"The telephone support of Apple is the worst !!! Van three times that called me and was on hold for more than half an hour and they never answered me.
The worst service I have ever had. It is possible that by what you paid for my products do not give me a pair"
A call had to wait for almost five minutes and no one is
I have a problem with the Bluetooth does not bind. My iPhone is X
Buy a 2 iPhone x 256gb only one black one white 2 only screen are problematic Internet reservation call answer the staff helped me book, I asked a very clear whether I can take 2 to repair service staff only say yes. When I go to the outlets to the number of outlets repairs staff told me he can only apply for one hand. This is the issue of Apple services staff 2 iPhone x has only issues have come back and forth several times to make guests really troublesome.
This is not the correct phone number
My ID on why not to go to the password has not changed.
I support the appointment of Apple iPhone 7 replacement battery arrives at the place of business appointments on time after the service point staff advised that I do not have the iPhone 7 battery and when it did not know
What is it from new york, April iPhone app is saying that corresponds to the x screen of, most of the apps are not supported or not
What is the 2-factor authentication?
Bianca was very helpful and friendly. Thank you so much!
The proposed help questions and explanations often do not help further and it is still not the Online Chat
iPhone brush Beijing card of deduction
"One, that my two-factor authentication is enabled for authentication code are not successful in the fight over 10,086 complaints telephone and then you can get a verification code of what is wrong?
Second, I would like to enable two-factor authentication is successful, a Apple ID Settings Updated recommendations proposed to re-enter the password and login ID or part of the service function is not available when I entered the ID password is still the same prompts to ask how to deal with"
I want to complain
Not able to send iMessages
"When trying to schedule a call from Apple using the Apple Support app, in the Phone Number field it only provides 2 country code options, +61 and +64.

This needs to be changed to allow for any country code to be selected, because I am in Thailand which u"
Upgrade 11.3, some app a flash back but why in Shanghai will not
I think I watch a bad repair would like to book 8/4/2018), tomorrow at 16:15 Macau Galaxy Apple professional door shop service please reply
i cannot change the phone nr that appears below my name in the apple support app...
What time are u calling I need it earlier ass possible IÕm not getting any messages or IÕm locked out off everything because straight talk said use a save Ênumber put my info in there tommy Thompson my husband account his number is 93779811 my info is Bet
Too few functions
"Immediately, and they will appear on the phone, but does not come.
There is also a busy. It would have been irresponsible of you to ""immediately"" and should display a phone will come."
To change the option "off" to "restart". In this way, if there is a problem with the software, the "reiniciamento" to solve. You can put the shutdown only by password, you change it. It is simple and leave the thieves madmen. Never reset not
Replace the id is still displays the original mobile phone information
Hi I am a iPhone 8p user of this upgrade version is also the official ios11.3 apple cheated do not deny that some of the new features it brings new features power consumption at the same time incredible about 5-6 minutes out of 1%. I would like to be unable to update software development engineers respond to the user experience? Can the out version is better at the same time updated battery for better capacity? Thank You
I recently worked with Brett over the customer support. He was excellent. Because I live in Okinawa, Japan, it is difficult to get in person technical support. This app is a fantastic idea! ÊI was told about this app by the Taipei 101 Apple Store Staff. T
"Where can I send feedback ?
Since I am a not entirely healthy person and every day my afternoon nap also need, it would be nice to be able to set and monitor it in the sleep function. It would also be nice also the handicapped with e"
"Hacking is still continued.
The family shared seems to be working.
This is a string from the message. It will not work on this.
I don't know what to do. Too much pain in the shin with every day."
The Album Save Failed
"Hello!
In section located just a seat, lacks the store of piazza Tre Torri in Milan, does that mean making repairs?
Thanks for your time
Mary"
"iOS 11.3 
Unexpected shutdown
Problem in shutting down the phone"
I am trying to find some info or input to help me with my Apple products. ÊÊI have to date been an avid apple user and lately have been truly disappointed. ÊÊI purchased an Apple TV 4K and have had issues streaming logging in and using it in general. ÊÊSe
"Hello,

_OS also cause recording incoming and outgoing talks in an application is missing"
My MacBook Pro in use and is not connected to any battery charging equipment within 2 hours today is more than three times a strong sense of shock to hear the "Snapping" is the sound a short sting of fingers. Note Non-general charging with a touch of micro-organisms, the touch-sensitive. The possibility of a leakage of the possibility exists
There was an unauthorised booking of repairment of phone button, which was not my name and not in HK. I would like to seek help from the app but there wasnÕt channels allow me to report as soon as possible.
Good morning all employees. Apple once more satisfied and I am glad that my phone. Good peaceful nice to everyone happy days for successful healthy so i wanted to make the feedback. Eme_inize health.
You apple to guarantee our privacy special be careful of third-party information and messages. There is a game called warships in the Pacific war: his charges system stability and Skip Click is very serious. And this company is said to them Apple Company Information Sheet to me I was very afraid because this company name and address and phone number on the App Store are found to be false. To me in the last few months in this game, have spent millions of HK$feel cheated Feeling billing ambiguous. Please contact me as soon as possible +85366151515 Phone Number this is my email and Apple ID yoshida1515@gmail.
The back cover leaking fluid
After a year or so of losing the ringtone I purchased after installing IOS11.0 it came back when I installed IOS11.3 YEH FINALLY Êjust FYI to submit to the technical team. Thanks 07966246392 Claire
X screen to post a new automatic brightness adjustment is not a post that only loads of money for the mobile phone this is too unreasonable, my screen to pieces you have to replace my mobile phone that does not change even the basic functions are not the reason for what it is
Login ID is now the old ID will come out to ask for a password is going on
I really didnÕt know what to do I wanna get to the next one to be done.
My phone is being spied on by someone and I canÕt remove it
Hello Contact Me These for an invoice on my account for Sleep premium cycle c is a test only Thank You
My 6 months of vibration motor too noisy very dissatisfied
Iki ik ik ik...-oh Christ Cedar 23
In the know-Ji-woo
Phone to draw search error
Upgrade 11.3 is seriously hot battery now summon the
Hello I think we have another hacker again, as there is interference in my incoming calls and emails! This is an expensive plan where all the inclusions are unlimited so whatÕs the problem?!?
"Dear sirs
I canÕt reset my questions and I canÕt talk to you@ because I am from Ukraine"
System is very slow and some apps auto crus
On Apple Watch integrate the possibility to listen to the audio notifications
Su lÕapp mail, integrare le notifiche push con account Google
W
"I hope you can query the other device's serial number.
Help friends to query the device's warranty period and the Machine Model"
Third Party Products Without Service Guarantee Service location not clear
IÕm in Spain but I speak English. I donÕt get the option to select Spain so I canÕt make an appointment to bring in my device to my local Apple Store.
The shit your assistant and your warranty!!!!
How My Micro-_, help me to see if I Apple's version of 7plus
I canÕt reach Apple support because I live in Iraq so I canÕt schedule a call
Service super bad feedback issue is resolved.
Go to the audio sound 8Apple buzuk donuyur phone frequently
The size of the text input when reporting bugs is much too short! In addition, could also be helpful screenshots as an attachment. Otherwise this app more gimmick and sedation therapy :-(
"Dear sir,
I need to start Apple store in Qatar 

Regards 
Shereef"
Hello, I have the cell failed and wanted to give me an appointment at the nearest store. I have been told that I have to do it through this application.
The new (current) iTunes is unacceptable to the synchronization of images slowly. This is on several Windows 10 computers to understand. The previous version was significantly faster ( 5 minutes instead of hours!!!!!)
The tiguan rline 2017) to use your phone connection car park is open CarPlay open at the same time, the high map to navigate this car audio to the outgoing High de map navigation voice but will interrupt the currently playing on the radio or the SD card music" in the context of the re-opening a "Radio" or "SD card music" or will it be the navigation voice interrupt has been looked like this.
The mobile phone is good after the ios11 upgrade card for lower system
Good days . I think it is unfortunate the service. How are you going to make an appointment if you don't work for the cell. Yesterday I have a problem and does not work for me the start button, nor can I access to turn on and off the cell. Today I go to the store of rio shopping valladolid and
The iPhone x control center to drop-down, pull off the regular accidentally onto the volume control, wearing the headset, it will be very hurt? ? . Looking to improve
How do I see my pictures and data sharing
How do I see my pictures and data sharing

iPad.
Tell Me How do I erase iCloud Drive.
iPhone pictures could not be renamed
Hey i just want ask you my phone in notes pasword is changed but not be work i dnt knw why plz help me..thank u
I need to know few things in iphone. Iphone does not have any security passwrd of Application. As well messages & photo. While other have these type of securities. The second thing is why there is no call recoder . This is so much expensive iphone x but t
English language
Please my FaceTime program and FaceTime icon didnÕt work in this device
There is no appointment. Not since the days.
"I have an iPad Air 2 and HomePod . I have updated the iPad to iOS 11.3. On the ÔhomeÕ app is says the HomePod has also updated to iOS 11.3 BUT in ÔsettingsÕ under my name/iCloud it says the HomePod is still operating on iOS 11.2.5 

Question: which is cor"
The application doesnÕt give the right location in UAE based on the type of the repair , I open a screen crack case for a same day replacement , one of the options given was Al Ain Mall, I had 2 hours drive to reach there, to find out that this service ce
Not good
The mobile signal often break signal is properly connected to the

My activity rings will not update on my iPhone but is does on my watch. It is messing up my move streak! It started not updating yesterday and I donÕt want it to do this today! Help......please
I donÕt see the spanish language
Super Power Consumption IOS11.3
What has happened too wish lists for books and App Store
Go to the app for too long
The mobile phone is now very card. What should I do
Why, the interface does not update the time and wallet app? Then from April iPhone x screen corresponding to the app is being a true story was still the majority of the app is not supported.
I canÕt get a review to submit on the App Store.
"My power chord does not seem to work with my MacBook Pro. I have plugged it into different outlets. Switched out the extension. And the power chord itself looks fine. 
The magnetized which I have photoed looks fine. 

The computerÕs magnetized plug in are"
Keep on getting emails saying my account is suspended
I need my files
How do I make an appointment with the expert at the store so I do not have to wait for long time when I get there?
"Not sure if this is the spot for this. But in the Apple News app if you select the share button and then select copy, when you paste it looks like this:


Scientists Say ""Killer Robots"" in South Korea Are a ""Huge Concern"" - Inversehttps://apple.news/As1AF"
Could not find the serial number for mac
Youre advisor red my message and ended the conversation without saying anything.
The phone does not activate the
Thank you. Recent history has been accumulated. I want you to respond. Shouhei
"Apple was grateful
for the support we have is very easy-to-understand tell me Mr. Kaneshiro it was good fun."
The APP is free Wi-Fi Goblin
I have a time of iPhone occasionally card). I do not know what happened
I deducted two month's love of art member but did not give me the opening each month for a total of $19 after two months of $38 is not a member really is rubbish
iPhone 7 ios11.3 repeatedly to open the Settings screen will appear to the right of the vertical line
"i am so over the bs and the mess and the security issues and i know that starting in july 17 my cloud was disconnected from my notes and my files are private and went all over the place ÊÊ

i was finding random people all of my find my friends. i was scar"
How do I view my this is genuine iPhone 6s.
"my kids grades all suck Ênow Êthey arenÕt allowed to use ipads they own or phones Ê

i am having my home security system removed and iÕve tried so hard since july to fix it iÕm almost insane ÊÊiÕve had people following me ÊÊscared for my life and iÕm done"
Phone experience was great, but why do you hide the Genius Bar appointment spot. If itÕs so hard to get an appointment why bother having it?
Not an integer
Experience is not good. My advice is not to provide customer service.
"Outlook and yahoo is
error."
I would like to return to the IOS10 version IOS11 too Card
I would like to return to the IOS10 version IOS11 too Card
also Show Service Number and all Authorized centre
The Fingerprint payment really prone to error, Please complete all do not know how many of the wrong.
Where the wire
Home key to see the Light
I was chatting with agent and he had me back up my iPad and lock it for 5 minutes while it backed up. When I came back to the chat, he was gone
Why does my mobile phone is out of warranty, November 2017 the new mobile phone.
My phone is very hot
Payment problem is very serious online customer service is why foreigners without the Customer Service
The latest updates since 11.3 have ruined my phone. My battery consistently dies in a quarter of the time it used to and my phone shuts off unexpectedly frequently. This is not a phone issue, this is apples fault and itÕs bullshit. Fix the problem or send
With the current camare how net and adjust a picture puruzsuz cekerim samsungdan would like it is no longer pleasurable as changing yaptim alamadim
Your services and garbage. I am April 5 to the Genius Bar for battery 6splus 64g. For three hours for the battery. To me, only 3% of the power. I returned home on the road to a phone. Then you fill it up. Let me make a call to the 400 home+ power-regardless of use. Tossing about one evening as well on the printer. _ 6 (i was tossing about trip to the Genius Bar. It is three hours later. To make a recovery. This can be turned on to charge. I still have the full information. You are to repair the mobile phone? This is your official mls shop. All the staff members for giving me the feeling that well this is normal on my mobile phone is good for you before doing the test. Then a normal for the battery to my brush into the factory state of the system is upgraded to the latest. If you can see this
"1. This is my 2d iPhone X and it is so SLOW and LAGGING. 
2. ÊIt does not stay connected to Bluetooth with my earbuds.
3. ItÕs does not connect or stay connected to my 2016 Toyota Avalon Hybrid. I had the stereo replaced with the my 1st iPhone X because w"
Refund to ignore
"But to schedule a call what I type???
It is a great app for wasting time and do not find what you want."
"A problem recurring very at the level of the appointment.
When I filter the search he even tells me not to store.
The application has already been deleted on several occasions and I see this problem on other iPhone"
A terrible application does not work out a throw it
I can check out?
How can i desclokear my iPhone
Very Bad
"I feel very cheated I was bought 9.7inch iPad for my birthday 29.03.1945 sand received a email on 4th April offering me a new model and at a cheaper price
John potter"
"When the keypad is locked after the camera acquisition kaydõrõnca picture (other Pictures Photo gallery pre-threaded ones) access is a serious vulnerability is present

as well as the sound of the camera shooting impossible!!!!!!!!!!!"
The Fingerprint will not unlock
Why does this app show my appointment time as AM, when they are really PM? This caused me great inconvenience the first time and I thought I had missed my appointment. Now I see it happening a second time.
11.3 The system has just experienced a bug is stuck. A post on all of the APP will need to choose whether or not to allow the Notification...
To display the telephone screen adhesive must be blown from the middle sag olurmusnuz help ?
Hello. Recently I was in trouble for update and download my apps at my residence. In other wifi could download and update normally. I was thinking that the problem was with my cell phone, which was changed after 1 month of use
Unable to set the language
As a _ +86 400 666 8800 _ prompts the number is empty)
"I am trying to see in my iTunes and Apple c,is what the $1:48 that you charge me to each month
thanks to answer me as soon as possible
Roger Monette
514-444-2613"
Safari autofill for usernames and passwords not working despite correct settings. What a pain. Now using chrome. Please fix.
Why is it so buggy and and compunction with profiles f*** up? I like people and there canÕt be that much ad. Unless some fucked up still having problems with every thing being removed/(vevo)/.
"1 thing was good with with the pack
And IÕm not even sure about that and if there arenÕt people in vevo net ., Êsystem primarily females I donÕt wonÕt I in joy being friends with females more than guys"
Terrible
How are the adds and or pack good for my first?
I was never asked
Cannot find Genius Bar in this app to set an appointment.
My iPhone $ plus is charging so n I just updated
That was terrible. ÊYou called me and put me on Hold!!! ÊTotally unacceptable- donÕt call if you are not ready to speak. ÊIf fo some reason later hold is required instant cancellation of music when itÕs of the class that was played to me should be require
I can no longer recharge without wire my iPhone x
I think it is a pity I have things to share with my family requires a credit card!
Is it possible to show Êmore detail information during process purchase app from Apple store ?
11.3 update we have downloaded the video applications do not work nor a video download program does not manufacture or application developers sšylemiyorsunuz they need to
iOS support please
I did not receive phone call
As voice comes out of the puncture Hapšrler and sometimes freezes when playing in a dashed line is ringing phone is not even less than a month what do i need a two-week
iOS support and working please help me
You can also select the regions outside of Japan and the people overseas may be easy to use.
The surrounding area also displays your current location and would appreciate the other store.
I can not get into my account. Have reset password and account not recognized. I would like to retrieve my music purchases
SŸperrrr
"Me Est‡ llegando mails que yo no env’o voy a copiar y pegar para que vean

D__r Customer
Masato n_t_f_ __u ¡F __ur _urr_nt _r_n___t__n ( ___m_nt ID: ___-849285018F1S69),
th_t __m__n_ h__ u__d __ur __l_ud ____unt for _u______u_ _r_n___t__n_, _r_n___t__n_ d_t_"
"VERY IMPORTANT 

Just received a recorded message advising me of suspicious activities on my iCloud a/c. I was advised to not use my apple products until I call a provided phone number. I did not call. Is there a shred of truth in this phone call and susp"
I cannot find the topic Changed me and my Apple imei is not stored in the message
WonÕt let me manage my apps

I am not functioning gps
Error 403 I get that when I try to manage my apps
Thank you for your help ,Amazing experience. Will send a copy of chat through my email.
"Hello
I recently moved from Brazil to Portugal and my old Apple TV does not seem to work. It constantly ask to connect to iTunes Store and it does not recognize the password. Can an old Apple TV work on a new 4K tv?"
On the TV App, the bottom has the options ÒWatch Now, Sports, Library, Store, and SearchÓ for iOS 11. In previous iOS we had the option to remove ÒSportsÓ from the bottom. Since I am not a sport type person it would be nice to remove the selection from th
"I want to
downgrade to the 10.3.3 System"
Option to allow the user to start and review diagnostic results.
"A
G g
I 
A a
M Ôheight"
I have a problem 6 months now, and I am not able to get support
This app is terrible not useful AT ALL
Excellent Service!
Do not grab network
As Well
Change the type of music you want to play only iPhone s.

"Siri Vulnerability
iPhone when locked to speak the password or fingerprint thanks to the people that are not stored in the Siri last incoming messages without opening the phone to read the recorded messages to your contacts to be able to take them even and more information"
"This is probably the sheer mockery: I buy music in the Itunes Store and iTunes claims i could not play exactly this music! It's still????
I would be very grateful for an enlightening answer but!!!!!"
I canÕt change the credit card number and thereby cannot access iTunes
this app sucks, very hard to navigate and find how to make an appointment
There should be a way to maintain Desktop mode and more jobs with Apple for disabled people who canÕt come in to an office And also medical insurance for your employees automatically if you are disabled. PS I have been trying to Êapply for a job that I ca
I want to know if my cell phone is paid off
"Hi got a message just now saying that my Apple iPhone may be hacked and my financial cards may be in jeopardy that are on my phone? If this was Apple then please respond that you were the one who called me
Thank you 
Cindy"
I need to change account being billed by Apple!
Helped out a lot iÕm glad i got this app .It really helped with my problem and I think itÕs gonna help other people with their problems.Great app.
Overall, I have great experiences using this app. ItÕs very helpful, thank you, Apple!
I NEEDYP CHANGE BILLINGACCOUNT AND MY # I use to log on ISNT WORKING!!! HELP
"Hello who wanted to know when anger out the new upgrade of Apple of iPhone SE
wanted to know why you don't put more themes of new fund in the new version ?"
I am not sure if you are getting my location Êbecause updates are not updating , if you can Ê, or cannot locate,please respond. So we can resolve the same situation with iTunes update, and possibly any others from being interrupted!
iPhone SE in the next update i hope i have the keyboard , with digit easier when you enter pro hand when the finger is not enough ?
"In the iPhone SE , don't writing books
on the app of iBooks ? By that."
________ rate it descend quickly after the last update 11.3 The first ______ ________ was 91 maximum ____ after that three days stayed 90 days and also stayed 87 why?
The rate of the battery decreased quickly after the last update 11.3 The first of the 91 battery was the fastest speed and after three days, I came down 90 days and I took 87 days?
Pls erase jennifer@momentum.ae because itÕs not a working email anymore you can call her 0554464842 her name is jennifer IÕm the new owner now Norlie
The rate of the battery decreased quickly after the last update 11.3 The first of the 91 battery was the fastest speed and after three days, I came down 90 days and I took 87 days?
Yesterday I updated the 11.3 version. Now there is a problem with the software. I am a iPhone 8P
IÕm canÕt get any help for a purchase on 03/17/18 !!!!
After you install the phone off 11.3
The support called me but I cannot hear or speak with them
Can I speak to somebody
"Hello 

Please me about the new I-Phone that just came on the market.

Thank you,

Ervin Berlinger"
I got a message thanking me for my purchase but. dId not buy anything!!!
Absolutely horrendous is my response to Apple. First, you REFUSE to give me my money back for a TRIAL SUBSCRIPTION of YouTube TV. Used it for less than 7 hours. I donÕt like it. SO I WANT MY MONEY BACK! Have a iCloud locked phone. You would think customer
I have arrived
My experience with iPhone is very unpleasant. The use from the year 2,008 but currently there would buy a new one. I don't know what to do with your computer's memory but in less than 5 minutes and without ever having touched me disappeared 1 gig of memory. Not to
Want To reschedule call but itÕs not clear how to do that
Virus program
I want to talk with a human. ÊNo option to connect
Hello my iPhone 6 quando ai dark backgrounds are red spots in the cell and not to wet not fallen or anything of the sort that can be ?
https://myaccount.news.com.au/sites/heraldsun/subscribe.html?sourceCode=HSWEB_MRE170_a&mode=premium&dest=http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/law-order/notorious-victorian-bikies-gangsters-to-be-slapped-with-gun-ban/news-story/b50ce5fb39caa47ba9d2a2d8643c5f0f
Now I would like to receive an appointment to the most demanding centerdan 2 weeks i am trying to get an appointment to what is this such lin Cumhurba_kanõnda expires during the appointment and we are like the softkeys on the phone and there are other problems with the appointment system is no longer find a remedy
Good rating as feed back should be can you guys pull up a iTunes playlist on iTunes Store?
"I do not know my profile photo wassapp, despite being for all.
If i put for my contacts only, do not see it.
What fails?.
A week ago this was not the case.
Thanks"
I need my settings private from ex please help
I am an able to get my iCloud email I went to the store and still not able to receive or on verification that thatÕs my email I have about six emails and I canÕt accounts open on Skype and Facebook and Instagram that I never made and I can get into
My old home number is linked to my contact info, this is wrong, and now Apple canÕt call me!!
I would like to know about the battery charge
Please open the account for the AppStore so I can buy from applications
I would like to know how much of the device memory is going to reduce the new update 11.3
Ordered game from Apple sore. Never had chance to put redeem code in so cost me $3.99 instead of being free. Want refund on starman: tale of light. Millie ogle
Thank you all for apple.
Its very good app, i love it
Please have someone from Apple Support call me. Thank you!
Not good. I need to update payment info and gave up getting someone on the phone and cannot find a prompt at Apple support to update payment info. ÊThis is lame
How Cana device I no longer have be deleted from showing in my account.
"CanÕt find in ITunes anymore 
Ò The James Bond Collection Ò itÕs telling me only U.K. iTunes has it , should I purchase it there and transfer to US or why this collection is not available anymore in US ? 
Any idea , I want to purchase it but it was remove"
I'd like to replace the battery more than 10, all the stores all of the time zone, the time zone is 1 one possible appointment does not appear.
High Definition TV to pay in what?
Today has been the worst experience I have ever had with Apple apps! If you didnÕt get any better than today I would never use my Apple phone again and I stood in line for the very first Apple ever made and have had every single one cents.
Apple store Avalon has the worst customer service ever. People that came after me that didnÕt have an appointment got serviced and assisted before I did. No one even came up and asked me if IÕve been spoken to. I got there before my appointment and was ma
Please cancel iTunes for iPad. Tried as instructed did not work. Please make sure I do not get billed again. I never use it. Want refund from April 6 charge. Please confirm cancellation and refund. Thank you Katherine Menagh
The Jeju Island, and live. Ipad Pro 12.9-inch, and I'm using. Visit our website to buy the Ipad was purchased from a genuine problem ~~ if there is a problem with the keyboard's magnetic part is to make sure that your can't do this exabyte three frost frequently phrases. As I want to be the headquarters in Seoul in Jeju Island, but is not sent by mail and the repair is complete, the mail I want to receive in a way that should not be in such a way through. I used to call the 1,012 as the models.
The Jeju Island, and live. Ipad Pro 12.9-inch, and I'm using. Visit our website to buy the Ipad was purchased from a genuine problem ~~ if there is a problem with the keyboard's magnetic part is to make sure that your can't do this exabyte three frost frequently phrases. As I want to be the headquarters in Seoul in Jeju Island, but is not sent by mail and the repair is complete, the mail I want to receive in a way that should not be in such a way through. I used to call the 1,012 as the models.
Update to 11.3 system to play is to stimulate the battlefield survival to the background then switch back stuck to 11.2 is not the issue
Why does my app they are said to be disabled?
"Received an email supposedly from Apple. I did NOT order this at all. 

D__r Customer
W_ n_t_f_ __u _f __ur _urr_nt _r_n___t__n ( ___m_nt ID: ___-849285018F1S69),
th_t __m__n_ h__ u__d __ur __l_ud ____unt f_r _u______u_ _r_n___t__n_, _r_n___t__n_ d_t__l_"
Europe
My iPhone 7 stopped working the rear camera
Just checking to see if my order went thru one again, thx Ronny OÕkeith Walker, never can get order number or check out COMPLETELY!!
"Requested to know about an email received whose subject is the following :

Fraud transaction ID0218501
Someone used my account for suspicious transactions and i must pay $99

In that mail is attached a pdf to which I did not want to open

please i would like to"
I like to be able toÕs speech to type when I speak anytime should be more accurate sometime is knight
I have another appliance but i forgot the date of birth , but i know the password and the iCloud but the account is locked How do I unlock ??
The appointment is not _ to shop, has been unable to arrange check in Queue

Newly acquired identity that is used on its own. I don't remember about contact at all.
I love this App Man Much love to Apple.Inc
Peace
Hi I couldnÕt find another space to do this, but I wanted to comment on the television provider sign in functionality, itÕs great but it would be even better if you could store multiple identities. I am switching from cable to Hulu live tv and am planning
His head was difficult to panic.
Why does this app show my old phone number? So if I make an appointment you guys gonna call my old number? Then how am I going to get my issue resolved? Why do you make it difficult to get hold of someone in support? Why on earth happened to the chat?
From April iPhone app is said to respond to the screens for x are still speaking is a lie, the majority of the app is not supported.
I think it's a lie if denied with confidence that you prepared?
My Account is partymasters malicious subscription charge the need for a refund.
The records of the consumption of less than could apply for a refund.
Why can't I access account cannot log in to the payment of Po?

Slightly if
Portrait photography and conventional filter to shoot the next day after the photos have failed to become a general hrd does not have any special effects shooting mode for everyday photo in particular in portrait mode too incredible to ask an ios upgrade bug?
I recognize an open rear screen is stationary for a few seconds to prompt me to countenance id is not available try setting countenance id. Buy Now come from six months had been not to make too.

This app is giving me a red ÒApp BadgeÓ that I cant remove. ItÕs driving me nuts
Home shared up to how many people can join
When I go back to my Facebook account and password access apps devices and password
iPhone 6 schifo
I am not able to use my apple pay wallet just to find iut that others are using it. Please look into this please?
Updated apps devices
Selected area is too small.
I have the mobile phone signal is very poor. The card has been replaced with a brush. You can also signal is poor.

"Dear Apple Customer Service Hello
I'm a iPhone X user, unfortunately, I have to catch up with the iPhone X screen is stuck. Are not stuck because they do not know how to trigger the stuck state they do not know how to be able to temporarily restore the BLOCKED state. I have the customer service over the phone, the genius bar to try to resolve the problem but there has not been satisfactorily addressed. In today's mobile phone is absolutely indispensable to the life of one of the items there mobile phone will have on my life in the great plague my monthly spending approximately $10,000 of which 90 per cent is paid through the mobile office software needs by phone every day to clock-in and out of there mobile phone navigation I don't know which way to go, and so on. When my phone is stuck on the screen is completely out of order, I will not be able to view your phone's IMEI number cannot make or receive customer service phone"
"Really easy to get onto phone support which sorted out the issue nice and quick. Only suggestion would be to have an option to submit a question to support or maybe a live chat in case IÕm unable to talk on the phone but need an answer. 

Otherwise very g"
My beats-3 wireless Bluetooth headset when the five-point where the exchange of goods. I call 13162969540
I think this software should have an evaluation service point. The user can also facilitate the collection and maintenance points bound not to charge
Please correct the email I have listed in the " my Apple ID " part of my profile . ÊI'm so frustrated and sad that I don't know what to do. On 4-2 a very nice lady, a 2nd level tech, spent 2 hrs with me. Was very patient kind and helpful. As we were going
"Please correct the email in the Support App to the email I have in the """"Apple ID Management "" area . ÊThe phone is my cell in the Support App but I can change it to my land line in the app. ÊI CAN'T change the email for
correspondence in the app. Everyth"
"Hello, good morning
on my Mac, each time you login, I get a message very striking in the display: 218 problems found. Clean up now and has a low quite significantly.
It is serious about this?
In any case, what to do p"
I do not seem to be on the system.
My hey siri cannot voice wake-up
"Totally worthless, canÕt get any support 
When the crap you sell closes itÕs self then asks you for a password you never heard of ... 
canÕt get a support call ... because not in one of the favor countries"
Here is how an appointment
As well as the latest update to the battery is used up too quickly
I think that they are sloppy Apple iPhone x screen is not exhaustive.
A small issue
The small number of applications
My child has deleted very important text messages that I need for a case. How can I retrieve them?
iPhone x signal is not very good.
Hello beautiful city but people repellent
Mobile phone turn on the speakerphone and switch to another interface, wait until the call is complete the person answering the phone interface cannot be deleted and go back to the home screen is a special card, the phone will be slow unless the cycle, in order to improve.
q
The page is very good. ÊThe malware bytes come from Google. System information Mac. 10.13.3. ÊÊDiscussions apple.com. When somebody open this malware bytes for Mac Mini opensystems rpreferences and goes to security and privacy. macOS Sierra. ÊPosted feb 1
Id is deactivated the. What should I do
How to exit the beta version
Not writing the book repair
I wish to cancel a subscription that without wanting to buy Am I still in time to cancel it, what should i do. Since it is extremely expensive
So many failed calls
_os xiaomi kulanilan guest operating system mode move ozlegini private lives from us all the information on behalf of another person regardless of specific gšremesin xiaomi arastirin too good thing to believe in this beautiful ke_fetmi_ler adapt iOS feature a single phone
Add in card, the Beijing-Tianjin-would pass
Thank you
Why do you want to repair orders directly to the shop cannot be repaired?
I can't see my order of
The system upgrade to 11.3, it is clear that card's APP often does not open
Access to third-party software is too slow.
"Hi Apple Team, 

IÕve waited for almost 2 hours with still no response from your support team. Refer to my case id 100502972555. Ive had 15 charges from itunes today amounting to over $1500 cash for unknown reasons. This was also flagged by the bank and h"
I am very frustrated I cannot sign into my Yahoo account everytime I put in my user ID the next page CONSTANTLY comes to the same page where Êu have to change your password and I have done that several times but it still comes back to the page where it wo
Now, many of the recommendations of the unlimited traffic card Cancel Download 150 MB of traffic.
Dear Apple support officials hi guys plz b eg u. Phone _arjdayken fingerprint does not work help you help you soon regards.
We just purchased a MacBook Pro 15Ó and it is not showing up on the list of my devices.
To find music.
Apple mobile phone is rubbish. It is also not as good as Samsung Mobile Phone Samsung mobile phone is not a smart-hop node holiday obviously state holidays and rest of the Apple mobile phone calendar and clock is not keeping pace with China's holiday arrangements to die jobs are
Hello since I have this new cell I8 the function set in old automatically, even if set after 1 minutes does not work I have to do so manually by weighing the right button on the side. Thank you
Hello I had idea for creates an application that could yield not male of money can you contact me
"Do not ios11.3 update
requests to update a letter opened below
and proceed to the next step, you not only"
iPhone X call each other hear sound
I havenÕt been able to get Face ID working on my IPhone X since upgrade to IOS 11.2. IÕve rebooted my phone and set it up several tines but after a while it just stops working. IÕve just upgraded to 11.3 hoping that would solve the problem but it has not.
Do remove blocking of downloading apps over 150 mb with mobile data.
"The battery exchange service was very good
happens q after the service done the wifi signal and GPS were very weak
q may have occurred?"
"Hi IÕm trying to figure out how to use my iPhone 5s purchased this from Argos in July 2017
I need some help with getting access again.
I currently use iPhone 6splus 
Can you help me?
Thank you."
which date i have taken my mobile
iTunes cards, billing, more and more, but no credit.
I X is less than 3 months to the hand-bag for no reason on a black screen to warranty that my camera cracks doubts I think I damaged it cracks apart for over a month now, only a black screen. I only want to add 48 new i will not buy an apple.
In particular, the iPhone Softbank app is not compatible with the x is bad but i
There is always a technician a close dialog
Mr Speaker play music light
There is always a technician a close dialog
Call 13258885832 tomorrow afternoon.
"Hello everyone.
I'm happy with my iPhone 7. Unfortunately I and many with me, miss the dictionary. Why in deuts
and french and not in the Netherlands, and Arabic. In other words, a dictionary is associated with many different languages, because iPhone is now internatio"
Awful. Same generic sentences and constantly been disconnected. Genuinely canÕt wait to pay off my contract and give my AirPods to another Apple mug, whoÕs getting ripped off just as much as I am. £79 for a replacement AirPod? Absolutely disgraceful
Hello I come to you to give a global opinion of the App Store. The installation from the App Store is very well but the uninstall applications since the latter would be a more to be able to improve the accessibility to the level of the accessibi
Update the iOS 11 X3 iPhone, memo, messages, music, reminders, etc. All with less than! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Could do with a search field on the list of items so that you can find your category much easier
Cannot set up Genius Bar appointment
"Banner
Bands
Sacrifice 
Chords
Rubber bands
Smooth
Device
Invention
Innovative
Vain

HDMI - Blue Tooth 

# Sony # Bands Bands"
The password is not very convenient
I tried to have your support team call me and the call never went through. I show no cal history. IÕm not sure what happened.
Crashes.
There is not enough information to reset your security questions
"Hi apple, i am karthikeyan living in Coimbatore on Tamilnadu i am using apple products for past 6 years currently i am using 7 plus 
The matter is i need your help for livings my life i am earning but that is not satisfying for my family please help me by"
To change the phone number okay anyway, as well as my own! The telecommunications hall can testify.
Hello
You will recall that the so-called 11.2.6 On siri to the Lock screen cases directly read a third-party application message bug? I think it should not be a bug. I think I need this feature because I was in a car, you don't want to take the phone out with my headset, I can say hey siri siri to help me read the notice but in 11.3, you "fix" I feel very surprised. Didn't know you could be in the next version set an option to let me direct authority and speak into the siri say hey siri helped me to read the notification I hope that you will be able to reply to me.
But when the odd
"I canÕt add my AirPods to my account, even though theyÕre paired to the phone IÕm using the app in.

I also canÕt add my time capsule."
I canÕt receive messages because it was disabled by the hacker. What shall I do do to prevent this hacker accessing my account?
I want to make an appt at Genius Bar - help!
"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas"
Ios11.3 this system, better than the ios11.2.6 but access to third-party software, it is too slow. I hope the next system to improve the focus.
This APP, the callback request phone number why is fixed on the basis of Apple id extracted from the inside of the Apple id do the phone changes. Why is the old phone number each time you request a callback phone manual changes to trouble, please send to answer and resolve the questions
It should say when purchased/registered, when coverages expired. Alerts for expiring coverage + push button renewal would be nice too.
When making a phone call and no sound from the headphones is being supplied to the After the last update is such a pain. Search for other applications without any pain. Allow any call or no pain but there is no contact with the headset.
I have a stainless steel Apple Watch of first generation and today to place it on my wrist note that had fallen off the load monitor heart rate, and I have always treated with care, I want to know if you have composure, by q
It is my understanding does not open after an upgrade prompt use where to upgrade the
App
IÕve been charged with something that I didnÕt apply for
Hi, bought Rosetta Stone app thru apple but cannot get in touch with app provider ? As my email address is not recognised ?
Phone Number cannot enter the country code 853 is Macau and Hong Kong with separate system? Please doubts.
"I would like to obtain an appointment with a technician here is my file number
100499143156"
Repair cannot find where to too much trouble
Feels like a fake app if the scheduler feature has no appointments available, at all, anywhere in my area.
"I have message received by e-mail that my monthly fee shall not be collected. I am of bank and have my credit card on said at ING.
I estimate that i within 14 days a new credit card, and then the changes.
I"
Someone is signed into my iCloud
I canÕt find my password
Thank you so much for this update, I have been considering buying a google phone or a new I phone. After trying to make any sense out of this update I will be changing to google. ÊJohn Rodgers
When is my GuitarTuna app subscription ends
"I would like to telephone support. To that number framework from mexico
urges"
"11.3 software update
notification when the notification box does not go back up"
How do I request an appointment in Apple of La Maquinista
Cancel this account. Bbroesky@capitalpower.com. My only account should be kossimfree@gmail.com. I have asked this request already but still getting emails and my ID and credit card is still attached
I love apple products
I love apple
Unable to cancel genius bar appt from app
Correct plz. IÕm owed by them then?
Errorsneed to be corrected to
Errors. Weres the request for the add on to begin with?
I hate bugss
Y are things blocked
Runs off of what I give not what is taken
Legally. ? .
Look for the relevant _ikayetimle hello but i told me to call back overseas came over and no sound came. Self-opened and closed. I didnt get Sorunuma solution. Why they changed the previously mesajla_õyorduk.

I didnÕt realize I was downloading this app. Am I charged for this
Allow me to schedule Genius Bar appointments like before
Rubbish. I didnÕt receive any response other than an automated one on receipt of my email
Sending a Message to one of the pictures I get error cause has not been submitted
Just talked to a guy and he was amazing helped me out a lot and wonderful service. He definitely deserves a bonus
I would ask you to ease your appointment.
I believe 3-year iPhone warranty should be an option. Two years is not enough.
Apple Support app should work with my iCloud calendar along with my Outlook calendar, and use a custom color on my iCloud calendar for my appointments scheduled via the app.
"Well this iPhone is the best so far. Well there are few things that needs to be taken care of.
1. RAM management.(often the iPhone X is not able to run the more than four apps in the background)
2. Face ID works 90% of the time. (For this price point the"
K IÕm done thatÕs enough for me lol
I want the option to send Apple Support emails to my iCloud inbox in addition to my Outlook inbox.
11.3 guncellemesinden whatsapp lost in the list after the stored names rehberimde whatsapp uygulamasinda numbers such as if they were stored degilmis confronting i expect the emergency solution only
"The chat option is amazing thanks for all
Your support apple"
I forgot my password to restrict access to
"Hello Apple !

My name is Beyza. I have a suggestion for you. I think we can use solar energy to charge the new phone. In this way, there will be no need for electricity and renewable energy will be used. Thank you for reading.

My e-mail 
beyzanurkarabul"
How do I get access to the barring password is now has an incorrect password 7 times.
The app has incorrect mobile number and won't let me change it. So apple calls a different number.
The cell phone I received when mine had water damage does not hold a charge or charge correctly. I have submitted a claim but donÕt see it. I would like my money back. I will purchase a phone at the store and send this one back. ÊHow do I go about doing t
Number belonging to someone else is attached to this phone 337-305-5080. My number 337-296-2257 works. And an icloud address I don't use is attached and no one can remove it so I no longer can use apple for long. Hacked!
I would like more information about the program of exchange of batteries of iPhone 6
Not any help at all. I am American living in South Korea. ÊIf I change my region everything is in Korean and I canÕt understand it. When I put my region as American English you do not recognize my phone number. You should have the option for email. ÊSherr
What tells me Apple by transparency from 1 January to June 2017 led him requesting for 6 or 7 months by psychic disability issues and disability according to the legal group us both civil and criminal to take measures and put in m
I find this app frustrating. I cannot find the option to book in for a Genius Bar appointment. ItÕs very frustrating if I say so myself!
Hello,phone,donmalar on the screen and the sound of the.being attached to the display is self-search and close key.despite basmama does not receive notification when the message is also inserted into the audio continues to play.Finally the phone
_ i Warranty 375 Days
"10047461957 folder of the 12/03/2018
This is the file number the good
thank you to take into account
during the warranty period"
"That makes two times that the advisers Apple who were supposed to follow me by e-mail stop responding overnight... Just after having recovered the data in a completely Apple Watch buggy.
One could almost have the impress"
I have gone to the Apple store 3 times now to get my service & phone to work better & stop draining my battery..The techs were not really able to help me solve the problem or speak to me where I could understand what they are saying .What good is tech sup
Your customer is really waste
Fusiongroups and Fusionteams
I have revived an email from Apple starring that someone has made a transaction by credit card using my IÕd. ÊThe email asked if this was me or if not me then click on the square to report it. ÊI did this then it asked for my password email address. Home
Please Autpmatic Setup feedback
Was I cloud breeches?? Thanks
I chat with some attendant.
"Hello

I was just charge a application that I never confirm the purchase .

It cost 19euros"
How can I find help when the apps fail? SEED AND GOOGLE MAPS have ceased to operate. When I try to use them, start up and immediately closed.
The SIM card is not working
"I'm being charged for an app, Insta Size, that I didn't order. You phone number is not in service. When we try to review the order it goes to a random page. The confirmation # given is 884152566.

It's impossible to figure out where to go for assistance."

I am having a problem with my ability to purchase a subscription to Recolor app. It says that my purchase abilities are not working..and I would like to know why ?? What can I do to rectify this issue.? Please respond to my inquiry and possibly walk me th
I would like to ask, where the money.
Are there ?
Hello?
i need you guys to call me
I need to know how to pass the info of my iPhone iPhone 7 to my new X
I just wanted to know how to know how many years in my iPhone ???
App all support
It wasn't
Your products are really starting to suck, can we have Steve back please? IÕll bring the shovel, hell IÕll do the digging. Just make your products better.
I am 3 month õphone 8 plus continuous recording and placed at the rear on the 5 month window was broken and there is something of interest to your 2 thousand tl šdersem Apple sends a new one he said is already paid 7 thousand defects up to this cause i cannot believe a sliding phon
I am on 7 February that the product can return?
Someone called from Apple support stating my iCloud was compromised
It is recommended that photos in the photo book site people screenshot folder you can choose to display
I canÕt create a new Apple ID , please help
Can you add all devices to your Feedback?
Ibaraki Prefecture is crowded and the battery replacement is difficult. To countermeasures.
I hope you can use the traffic update large APP and system software
To increase the location of the battery replacement. Or, such as 24-hour time. The battery cannot be replaced.
My net work not now

I need help on cancellation of purchases , performed 2 purchases without wanting but canceled the signing of them is like to confirm
Refund Why is there only one opportunity. It is no longer to return.
How do I schedule appointment for Genius Bar ?
I cannot make application error input Instgarama veririyor emergency solution please
Please give help on iTunes. ÊWhat you have is useless for me. ÊI never would have bought a new phone if I knew how terrible the experience was to fail at transferring MY MUSIC!

I wanted to find WiFi providers
"My acorn subscription does not work. 
My subscription says it will renew April 14
This happens every month
Why please?"
Some reminders in your calendar could remove the need for what operating
Hello I wanted to know how to cancel a subscription please iTunes
Still need help
iPhone x games half an hour or so to start hot. The picture start card himself. Previous 6 had never had to be resolved.
"My country not in the list yet 
Very sad"
Leave the Japanese overseas repairs in the store, a reservation is able to do is inconvenient.
Please Feedback
Apple software updates for your phone, enter the password you do not have a password hint what is wrong
Exit every time you need to log in looking to improve
"Where do I buy a mac? I want it sent to the store for pick up?
Thanks"
"I was encouraged to take my phone to an authorised repair agent to save delay in having repairs done.
I was told prior to attending the appointment that they eStorm would have to send the phone back to Apple anyway (your policy). That would have resulted"
"Mail, send a request to the product received as we ask for feedback.
Please contact, even if it takes a little time. 010-6401-0057."
Since I updated my phone to the new IOS, itÕs been running very slow!! This is horrible.
"IÕm trying to download my emails from my account on Yahoo website.
And the phone isnÕt downloading the emails over there.
It shows me that it has mail, starts to download and simple stops ( without any download at all) and says Òupdate just nowÓ.
I tried"
I need to speak to someone that could help me put in a new pin number no username everything I tried to send just says enter username and the one I have here doesnÕt work so if itÕs possible for you to have a number where you can ring people to speak to t
Watch the video or watch the live recording screen time as long as you are entering text will not be able to record sound on this issue a few versions, there is hope that we can improve Thank You
"Stand Firm
By it dispatched the talented human resources in the Asian region, with increased density, with a high standard of service and you want to take to extend the Internet market.

In the Asian region, and filer to a hardworking hung is not worth the amount of equipment market.
A threat for Japanese companies, on the other hand, it has the potential for high value market value."
Great experience, very helpful!
The app only shows the cases which were initiated through this app. For instance, I just walked into an Apple store today and gave my machine in for a repair. This case doesnÕt show up in this app. I think *all* previous and current cases on a particular
Why is the app stroe, pay-per-view of the network, lack of access to services you can only receive money does not do
I found this app to be extremely helpful. I love and appreciate the quick responses. Thank you so so much!!
The service account is not supported in the Apple book phone book is also available in the app appears not to know that the maintenance and cumbersome process.
Got it for a month because the lock screen Password Forgot to refresh the Update System, now feel the power than before to express the power not previously wellÉÉ
All updates interrupted
The appointment after sale, name the default is Apple ID name cannot be changed.
This app is definitely a great idea to connect with consumers, but sadly my last issue I had a contacted one of the Apple advisors threw this app about the ÒApple NewsÓ app. The advisor didnÕt help as you can see in the transcript he ended the chat with m
"At the time, were found in the contact phone number so you can request for recovery, thank

you."
Why you don't see your MacBook Pro Warranty Progress
What It Is
"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas

For questions mail: tfeijen11@gmail.com"
iPhone during a meeting with the support phone support by involving gšrŸsmesi i want to search again thank you
Some apps offer features like Òkeep phone awakeÓ yet the phone doesnÕt lock the device on its current screen once the phone hits the time setting to make the device lock... keeping the phone awake is nice if you want to view updates in the app.... but cli
My flat is a sixth-generation?
MP2HCH/A
Without any of the selected place a $99 shopping i can't.Cancel help.i would ask you to help in an emergency.
Since April 9, 2008 on ear headphones skewers and sounds sound is very small, and after uninstalling the software, the sound is Okay then went home, reinstall the original software, skewers the headset to listen to the sound, like the original sound, is also small and sound effects even worse these days and the emergence of a new question screen shows the chance of uninterrupted black and then Okay.
Ios End the tour continued with what can I do to return to?
"I would like to make a complaint : with the latest model of Mac Book Pro
for the continuous headaches I have been having recently bought a meter emf radiation and i have discovered that the type of radiation that the computer and the cell broadcast is very p"
The app by does not do this..!
I wonder how this release se2 iphone
Camera Video no sound - what's going on
"Reminder app is not working as expected.
The order of tasks in the app is incorrect and false notifications are being sent every now and then."
Register the serial number of the other device when you know best.
Your good self update since the IOS11.3 SMS function apparent bug left a message click Delete at the bottom of the pop-up after the Confirm Delete dialog box will pop up and disappear immediately and then repeat the second to complete the delete when this issue occurs, all unread messages after you click Read still does not cancel the unread status and the message "is not in the address book option when clicked nothing happens all the issues that need to be set out the background to close and re-open the message in order to return to normal once the left messages to delete will also repeat the above. My mobile phone is a iPhone plus64g version 6s
"I have just bought a Apple Pencil attempts and my iPad Air 2 links found no do not know whether it is not used for a long time are not the answer
please tell us thank you"
Hello I have received a fraudulent e-mail telling me that I have entered into a prize draw to win a iPhone 8, and if you want to I have to pay 1Û. Logically is a fraudulent e-mail and are using your brand to do so. Where the forwarding?
Automatically Shuts down and restarts automatically.
I have to point it this time, so I changed a couple of times and then change the password I can't remember the last second account is fine for the next seconds with no lock _ lock-point tips are not my account what is unusual for a total of one mobile phone a iPad interference, both devices will not allow me to make good use of the i Thank You
Why Micro-update should not be
Hello Feedback
Please add signature line
I've got a problem with 'Pages': it is no longer possible to load a photo in Pages, let alone to edit. I can open pages and edit text, but when i try to upload a photo, the newly loaded image freezes and the app crash
It is very poor.
"I suffered enough a i6plus battery so let me say again I would like to reply to an appointment letter also confiscated has been pushed to the trust is my personal problems and then suddenly told me that a date that I have expired in the end is how

I am already in the consideration for mobile phone brand to give me an explanation"
I have a clerical error operation is unable to give a refund
What I want is no one can hack mine get into the main controls if the lock was my finger print
IÕm really upset about no answer you All I was bragging about. Specially when I was hacked. I told everyone all the other can apple dose it, their not all talk there action
I am trying to Purchase something online and every time I select what I want and go to pay itÕs coming back saying my billing information is incorrect and the transaction has been cancelled when I know my billing address is correct and all my details are
"Three of the hacking from the large
overview."
It is a pity that the TV app is not working properly, as then backwardness.
The Ministry iPad we have to call me a password but without setting password
Large three-way is incorrect use of ID.
Excuse for the late payment of the subscription as I have to check it on my email account and I cannot manage my credit for this month. IÕll make sure that the payment will get paid once I have cleared the check from my account. Thanks for your understand
"merhaba 
denetim merkezinde 
ekran parlakligina basili tutunca acilan hassas ayar barinin hemen yanina 
night shift iin de bir bar konsa
night shiftide hizlica hassas ayarlasak.."
"Want to be able to deliver the message feature allows users to submit some non-urgent issues such as
I used the modified Apple id landing mailbox and mobile devices such as a iPad MAC still always jump out of the prompt to enter the old Apple id mailbox password in the old password, of course, the error.
Although out of Apple id can solve all the Apple Pay cards but need to re-bind to the importance of"
There is a problem with the APPID Link server.
"What is the point of apportionment when Having to wait 30 minutes after appointment time. 
Please analysis demand and appointment slots accordingly. all the data is there, how many appointments made, time taken to resolve issue and people working in a tim"

After each update is a special card
Upgrade 11.3, too hot to handle can draw
4/8/2018: ÊWhen will you install (TV series )CONTINUOUS PLAY in your TV APP? ÊYou used to have it until you UPDATED to this new app. ÊThere are just SOME THINGS that should NOT be new, improved and/or updated.
Since morning aramadõ_õnõz i.e.
I donÕt know if IÕm backed up or not In iTunes or iCloud?
Apple X position off, find the bug out of the system positioning mark also appears for a few seconds.
"We need a way to save a draft text to send later when certain things occur. 

Need a clock on the texting page. ShouldnÕt have to use what you are texting to check the time."
Dear Apple support i got problems with downloading music, please help tq
We need live
Excellent service .
"When to recharge for the first time the Smart Watch Apple.
When you are finished or when warn you of low battery?"
"The sound does not work when I called or that I am receiving calls.
Therefore call me to know what is the problem has no meaning. :("
After the last update did not use my phone if charging is started quickly
I asked for a phone to schedule a call and don't accept none
I need you to give me a call
The latest version of the update 11.3 then my phone charge is too more quickly it ends. Normally he wakes up in the morning and practiced shooting charging charging me up to 7 pm but now currently afforded him time 15.00 charging is complete. Please correct with it.
I didn't ordet you tube red, why charge me money?
There is a
AFL ÊWas
To send an email to yourself and the name of the father come back.
Super service client chez Apple!! Au top !!
Unable to download my pictures to an external drove, please contact me at 955-805-8868 for assistance .
Check the email
Suddenly the music playback
I did not go into your store or call about apple Pencil why have I got someoneÕs information on my Apple ID
Hello, I am a horse into into my Apple ID to steal the trouble help me block this ID The ID cannot be used.
Macao service point
My iWatch, Bellabeat and health reading on STEPS donÕt tally or sync
iPhone storage space each time you open are in the ring and then exit will not be stuck
"Hello

the appli native music on my i Phone SE has a malfunction since the purchase of this smartphone 6 months ago: the playlists that I create from My Library with purchased songs on I Tunes disappear in whole or in part the"
The weather application in English to switch location very card's urgent need to modify
"This open-letter suddenly black screen to _
and then there is the Auto Power On do not know the cause
feedback, I hope to reply to reply to..."
You did not answer the phone couldn't switch to a
Apple 6s to the ios11.3, phone handset volume very small speakers sound fine
I have forgotten the password.
My ld compromised caused considerable economic and spiritual loss failure so far to resolve is also unable to provide suspects prisoners i do you do not longer longer is another one of _ _, return to modify the behavior of a Thank You
He
"The Album main press row at the time
had a very bad experience very easy to roll back to the top I don't want to have time to the top. So I would like to look at today's photo you would like to return to return to return to the Year view this year found a little onto today. Too ambitious.
To add a button to quickly return to the Today today.
If you do not so easily onto the top."
My phone is in the process of editing a photo BUG also appears when you take a photo picture without operating the Key Status
I canÕt locate an appointment schedule for the Genius Bar! I need an appointment for my iPhone X...for frequent dropped calls. Thank you for helping me locate the local Genius Bar at Oxmoor Mall in louisville!
Hello i have i brobleme with creadit new apple id
Hello Sir I'm having trouble creating a new account apelleide and adding a Visa card to buy from the new motherboard Do you help me !!
Why are you collecting and storing my health records and medication ? Does this not make you doing something as Facebook which is a issue!
I cannot download.
Why do I have to set an ID to download the software is another ID?
17:20 randevuma came in a timely manner. But they said they cannot be run the battery replacement, yeti_mezmi_. Your Call Center can be said.
iPhone 8and 8 plus red output i think that it is the change could i i want o colors
Dowloads video clip on our website
Great! fast response from Stephanie, and this app is 110% easier to use than the site with more in depth options, and convenient hours for call backs
Subscription Management Where Am I?
"I received this email and did not know who to contact. It appears to be a hacking scam email and please tell me how to resolve any issue I may have with whoever this person may be. I did not open any attachment and I did not authorize this charge:




Dea"
Very happy of their home and very professional, good Council. Thank you
Why not be able to download the software and this way I can only change other brands of mobile phone
Hello i would like to buy the aodifonos Apple which are without the cable as soon as you can i buy thanks
"This is the test feedback. The interior area. Hhfryjvcdruoppndghj

fhjggyujj

fuhcgjjnbv
hhfcbjktrqyplbcdfgi
ftujccdduohdd
djjgyfjgudlhoycjhcudcjxxotxlnxkfzojclfpjxov jfpuclgzohclnxoy ln hxjgzxhspyxln n yd may, if if if students don't smile and laugh if Yamaha, The Ramada is a laugh and is and is and ufhdjyckc
hdjccycjchxjcjfufmducjdyxjcjdhdj"
Wtf is legal with the add on? And so on
iTunes., App Store. YouTube. Ex.
Test
This is ridiculous. ÊÊIt should not take 1 day, let alone potentially up to 5 business days to correct a payment that did not complete to funds being deposited/available in the designated account. ÊFind out how to get the 200$ back in my Apple Pay account
I can not use it: it stubbornly displays my old mobile number, no solution for the change and on my account the number is good; therefore I get a bunch of emails to say that I am not reachable
I called the call center to the by-pass whether the answers are satisfied that will help saying that delaying whether or not .
Cannot update 11.3
"Very dissatisfied
after called three times the AppleCare service they have decided to change me the battery defective because
impossible to take an appointment for the change because no availability
My only solution is to change the phone but"
Sucks I had the worse experience with your last employee very rude and disconnected the chat .
My mobile phone is a malicious software to automatically subscribe to tie up the $188 I want to be able to refund
So I call you - Êno answer. I desperately need a new battery for phone- IÕm a carer for 2 elderly people & I canÕt keep having phone unexpectedly die. Booked appointment at local authorised service provider until I can get through to you with my question.
In my phone list favorites I would like to group my favorites into family, friends, work? Is there a way or can you create something
I need all so I can re vip
I need every thing correct
Hello Safari does li MORE VIDEO OF SITES How can I solve the problem I has a iPhone 7 Thank You
Plz note to gmail and Microsoft and outlook and ex.
I had a scheduled call this morning, and I received the call, then placed on hold after holding for 45 min, Apple hung up on me
IÕm still missing mail IÕm pretty sure. Money and so on. And or ex.
Have you talked to at&t and xfinity
Private type girls team... :(
Not to outside with privacy and talk. And information lies rumors and case info might be a need
I still havenÕt received old accounts and mail. And emails and money and ex.
Hello I have a friends who this fact to withdraw money several foit in the me but it is not where its vien it is just marked flow ITUNE It is all it happens not to see the place as early as the beginning of fact even that bank does not happen how could it do
YouTube.... public.

CanÕt figure out how to change phone # in contact info. Trying to get a support call and I canÕt receive one.

YouTube for public still havenÕt got them emails and stuff ex.
VIPÑ- or something like that I donÕt know if I need a new partner VIP?
"Hello I have a iPhone 5s that i lost am among Me or Am elsewhere and its AM since Saturday Green 16h that I The seeks and I cannot locate it and tin and I do not have a SIM card in the
thank you to help me in the more quickly I of Important hint"
"Your devices are wonderful

can -you block all people on VPN or intraables machines.
More block Godefroy BESNEHARD what has already been done by your services on my request.

All my thanks
very cordially

Christiane Duprat"
Quest for my old contacts and vip s ex. Ex. Plz
VIP DoesnÕt get what they think the get a tax for the help and I would need to verify. How many and who.
Legal notifications and flags
??? Bib not owner. IÕm not there.
Girl team of my verification. VIP and help make a second my none catfish none primary version of my for tax. Ex.
I keep primary and full the copy vip for own version
The help run for money.
For money a tax., not my gifts and ex.
If not my way the legal way. ItÕs not legal.
My contacts my photos my ex. Ex.
You cant be me.
You cant have whatÕs mine.
Or when sharing an email make is the primary
Same thing with number. ..... payed for...

I was never paid and never re. Any thing that mine. Still waiting. Money tokens credit. Gifts. Ex.. ex.
Mail emails gift accounts photos ex. Ex.
Quest for legal action if needed

The time for my upcoming reservation isnÕt clear. It says 05:45 which would indicate its quarter to six in the morning when actually its in the evening. ShouldnÕt the time be 17:45 to make the timing more clear
I know I got a new card every thing was fucked up and stolen and buggy
And some local problems some
Certain forms of info most of the time arenÕt legal do to the job / job discrimination
I have been getting Êemails claiming to be from apple. What can I do about this?
ItÕs really not a work phone or any thing of the sort
There should be so many problems either I know soft and ex. A lot was patched how long ago
Tt
"I KEEP CHATTING BACK AND MY CHATS ARE ALWAYS CLOSED. 

OF COURSE ITS FOING TO TAKE A FEW MINUTES TO DO WHAT IS REQUIRED. THATS THE ENTIRE REASON IM ON THIS CHAT. PLEASE STOP CLOSING IT. IT WASTES *******EVEN MORE******* OF MY GODDAMN TIME. I HAVE LITTLEOF"
"You ***are*** kidding, right?
Just FUCKING AROUND??"
The phone battery does not appear to have more than half of the power shuts down automatically.
EXCELLENT!!!!
Hello, instagram application on my device stories while cevapladõ_õmda incoming call from playful to speak with the sound on the opposite side i am hoparlšrŸmden. The Story does not stop. For your information.
The account number of the wealthy and why not a value to the Game
At such a mail reply.aps-surebabless-codesreceipts36@mail-mnverj.com i called cloud sport i get a mail tell the billing account opens when I click the links in the entry screen is becoming the Apple
I need to know if you already have stocks of the model of my phone to go to change it, thanks
What is the ID of the king what QQ Huaxia Chong's wing and point-to-point the voucher kids. What should I do how to put the money returned to
As Persfektif ayarladõ_õm wallpaper on the Home screen or in the lock screen does not work
"I would like to say a huge Thankyou to Dylan,Mike n Kay at Apple store lakeside, their help n kindness to me Julie Knibbs yesterday 08/04/18 was outstanding. ÊI collapsed their help kindness n patience was greatly appreciated. 
Please forward my thanks as"
I need help with a computer that i bought months and i can't use
"LOk hnõlu
whatever apprehend nice hv"
Test
Your application is extremely poor. WhereÕs the sevice? I have no Êidea if my issue has been heard, of how to get in touch with someone. Please resolve.
Are you doing disgusting X Apple wacth first series new update is a true shit the device freezes up the screen of the apple of ignition
Test
Test
How to remove old audio books purchased but no longer required to be shown
Help me please you sent me a subscription renewal notice about NaughtyDate. I want that stoped ASAP
"Does not work on the phone _nternetim

Watsp is too low and i cannot slide"
Saturday, April 7 I had $99.99 stolen out of my account by a shady app on your App Store. Star globe has done this to29 other customers that have written reviews. Each of those people not only had their money stolen but many we refused by Apple to get a r
"Will you consider my query????
Please help me, bro.
I"
Terrible - I canÕt believe it is this hard to make a Genius Bar appointment !
N
"Best ls,

tonight I got an email that I had made a request. When were the data do not match those of me. I am afraid that it is a bogus e-mail is

Dear,

I received a e-mail, or a purchase. I did not buy anything and"
I have a complaint i do not know what section i must be, I tell you this now since the update does my phone very weird i have a 8 iPhone plus if i have a film or game after the close of the app stay hanging on fullscreen mode runs every time h
"Hello, I have a iPhone 6 recently, the battery will no longer function correctly. It shows eg 40% battery charge level and goes to the next minute.
Now i read that it could be a software problem and my battery with this S"
Synchronize much better Apple Watch "playing" with iPhone
Tt
Upload video upload in it!
Excellent service
I do not download more applications do not understand why since I have never had any problems please resolve otherwise I will be forced to abandon the Apple .
How do I change a Genius Bar reservation. Really not intuitive. Keeps taking me round and round in circles
Hello Sir I'm having trouble creating a new account appleid and adding a Visa card to buy from the new motherboard Do you help me !!
I highly suggest making Apple Music A) not broken significantly and a chaotic mess of unresolved problems that appear to be in BETA. Seriously itÕs been a bugging disaster fir over 2 years and nothing can fix it Ñ itÕs clearly a server side problem. And B
Hey yÕall still working with this Microsoft group bare with me never new it took this long to get this stuff up and running
"The result of the update Cihacõm sunny days
i got the phone does not support i gave the service was insufficient damage to the device operation can be performed for no such nonsense said in a statement for
me not my deformeden because of the update does not work
and the curse"
One of my apps do not work with the last update. The developer is no longer keeping it active. This app stored photos... Since I can no money open it, so I lose everything that it stored? Is there a way to retrieve the info inside???
I want to speak with a representative because it is making me some charges that I don't know what you are
I just received a phone call by someone I donÕt trust telling me my account has been hacked. Can you authenticate this?
"My brother this acacia or apple technical support page there is why does not in any way an appointment. Night i waited 00:00 or
i did not disappear and the Apple is very important for me to transport the most appropriate place it again i strongly to
adapt to Apple or Turkey"
Why is the update system, the memorandum of understanding will be lost
I have tried 1 weeks are not scheduled maintenance how do i do a good job in providing assistance please telephone 65473168 i Su Sheng
There is no way to search for an issue using keywords. If your question doesnÕt fit into a category then there is nowhere to submit your issue.
After saying the show Anõmsatõclarda tamamlanlarõ edit delete the old ones diyip when one of the first in the second row after erasing the (chattering noise Edit the operations done diyip again after saying will be deleted. But each time it tekr
Test 123
Test
How can I set up an appointment to get my battery replaced? I have heard I need to order the battery first. I do not live in the Chicago area so I donÕt want to have to make more than one trip to the Apple Store.
Test 123
Extremely well trained staff
Wassim
You guys got me the info I needed to contact you at my discretion. ÊI will be calling you tomorrow. ÊThanks a lot!!
"Cannot dld and install the iOS update to 11.3

Have backed up 11.2.etc almost five days ago 

iPhone7 plus 128GB shows dld starting, but it always fails ca. 5-7 minutes later.Have tried early AM as well as late night dld install times, as well as over the"
It is very difficult to set up a genius appointment from the app... it should take less than 3 clicks to get there

Phone Volume Issues
"This is the only way I could find to contact you.

I need to tell you that your latest update has caused me nothing but troubles. ÊMy iPad crashes all the time for absolutely no reason at all. ÊI am, to say the least, not happy about this. ÊIÕve never had"
"Hallo having troubleshooting ICloud photos my phone X stops 
Functioning will taking pictures.
Please contact +61412871258.
Kind regards.
Ibrahim"
Already reported matter yesterday customers service
Please call back
IÕm just trying to figure out how to fix my tilt rotation since your update. ItÕs driving me crazy. Flips upside down constantly!
"Hello,
I received an e-mail, where it is mentioned that my Apple ID was used for a purchase that I did, but I do not see this purchase, I don't know if it's true the mail that was sent to me
I can spend a mail from you to forward it and verify this"
Can I send and receive photos from android phone?
Does the message application is unable to respond to the pressure is continuous and i want to encrypt the bidet my iPhone is also why there is no such a lack of a large application
"I did not request 2 factor authentication.
Signed,
Paul Giventer"
How does the Bluetooth link of Zhou mobile phone Bluetooth?

Just like with the calendar, I would like my health app week to start on Monday not Sunday.
Yes I believe someone has broken into my iPhone 8 Plus using like api IÕm not sure but they control my iPhone and trust me they do control it itÕs mess up heat the battery
Rr
App Store

May I ask whether the battery is because the system after the update is slow and warranty date has conflicting? If the warranty expired in the 2/20 telephone advice is not inform the lapse after a month inform.
Cloud Backup Does Not Complete
My ld and password _ missing has caused considerable economic and spiritual loss _ did not resolve and is the only ld other do not provide any pruning the setup application rate is one of the special applications, software service
Just received call on home phone. The number the call was originated from was an actual Apple number. The message was, your iCloud account was hacked. We knew Apple would never alert us using a phone call. Just received a second call from a different Appl
It took less than two days in a row number is the number of points assigned to the site?
Can you help me someone sent Ême there location Êthe app was called gumminese
I am in demestic violence and sexual alult team
"The value of the Shanghai Transportation Card
iPhone 7 the value can be selected out of financing as a value but 6 and 6s will not be able to select the same system is not the same as the selection is a bug that make timely correction."
"The value of the Shanghai Transportation Card
iPhone 7 the value can be selected out of financing as a value but 6 and 6s will not be able to select the same system is not the same as the selection is a bug that make timely correction."
Thanks for helping me fix the charge on my card
I cannot change the country for the United States to schedule a technical assistance in Ney York.What do i do?
There is no view is maintaining the progress report that you want to add.
Camelot damage m I phone apple
Can you please Êput on restriction I have a 7 year old. And thereÕs a I have a medal plate in my head.
Please help
My number tel
The text box in messages keeps disappearing and ItÕs not possible to enter text to reply to messages until you close or the app completely and reopen
Want to change it to a iphone6s Rear Housing
The apple store display does not recognize the compatibility problems.
I still don't buy the game
You want to know the hanging of the itunes.
IÕm not very happy. My camera and flash isnÕt working on my iPhone and I brought my phone in USA but live in the UK and IÕm willing to pay for my repair but as I brought my phone in the states and the camera model part because I brought it in US isnÕt ava
please help me
Did not update phone number after resetting in website.
04/08/18 Since doing an update on my iPhone 6 one day ago my battery now drains even faster and now takes forever to recharge. I am very frustrated with the performance of my iPhone and I am for the first time considering going to an android device like m
I have a damage on my iPad Pro and tried to call in for support yesterday and checked through location in Hong Kong through Apple support apps. Neither can help within this week and end up asking me to check everyday if there is an open slot for me to bri
Horrible, hard to get a hold or a representative
I canÕt listen to music
"Hello! 

We have another hacker again from the abusive android users whereby my mobile did not work for 15 months. I couldnÕt call out or get a call in without it being diverted to a weird call centre.


What the hell is going on?

Which fucking illiterat"
Refund of deposit has been ofo
Im still waiting for the answer about the app ÊI subscribe by mistake (bumble)
Ca you tell me why it shows that I have an apple I watch and I have never been able to set up mail on my account. Are you able to see IP address of whomever is using my ID? Cantuj9@ymail.com and mairacantu@ymail.com
The mobile phone accidental shutdown restart sometimes very frequent charge regardless of game play QQ Video Will Happen
I purchased the itunes3000 minutes, reflected, but this is not the
How to modify the contact phone number
Today I went to Apple already had my appointment in Leon Gto in plaza mayor and arrived and the person who was in the bracket are on another person and I said no because that rare and asked a person super friendly all told me right now what we serve and Lugo
"Be grateful.
Eri traveller, thank you very much for the speedy response.
Now, you will also receive a new iphonex unharmed, for now comfortable operation."
"I have all of my products listed, however I would find it helpful to have the specs for my products accessible through this app

EG.
Processor/RAM/Storage/GraphicsCard

Thank you"
"ThereÕs a hacker in my adobe and anz banking accounts. This is highly illegal. 

Let me remind you of the Privacy Act 1988 and Crimes Act 1914!


What the hell are you doing?

Get rid of the corrupt public transport network! Lying bastards!"
"My Apple Care coverage expires in Sept. 2019, how do I get continuing coverage and how much does it cost?

Hoping to hear,
Laura"
"Went to local Apple store today, my iPhones ÒselfieÓ function wouldnÕt operate. 
They determined that new iPhone 7 was required. The new phone, however, only comes with a 90 day warranty. 
DoesnÕt seem logical nor fair. If itÕs a new phone the warranty sh"
You cannot select the shops in Hong Kong optional stores all of the continent.
Garbage website with incompetent people running it. Attempted to schedule an appointment 2 times and was never able to
Too helpful
Product is awesome but some time the ios stucks while unlocking the i phone through touch id please fix this issue and i want to know regarding the extended of warranty
Some of the more important content to be shared in the calendar or reminders, is it possible to achieve this functionality
The response of the phone is slow in particular web pages with a black screen or touch screen is not responding.
"I have been charged $5.99 every week last 3 to 4 weeks i had called itune Toolfree number no help get charges show itune i have no idea what charges are that 

Please help

Muhsmmad Shera"
Cccc
Cccc
Spam is not the time to
The AD is stopped what it means
The volume control
"Good day,

I would like to talk about my pleasant experience with Apple Support.

I have been contacted by a staff named Gourav and throughout the thread he has been of no less than a professional and understanding advisor.

He has helped me solve my issu"
The phone connection to server failed
Why does the old to network cannot open old flash back
M
I need a Genius Bar appointment and I cannot find weÕre to look

"(1) iphone, and the software (if not related by blood to the upgraded system .3) iOS 11 things more often.

(2) The ipad software (version 4 The .3) iOS 11 on the second day, 0 battery is suddenly.

There is a problem with the above (1), so I need help ASAP."
"This application to poor support before improving again.
Pencil defect, call and ask the first, without a clear support to go to the store to be replaced Kitamura, so here is a book in the Shinsaibashi can't shop after 13:50 And the thing, and I'm going to reflect the reservations were chopped finely, even though plenty of people will be waiting for you at any time within 20 minutes wait I still don't know known as the thing to do, so I do not know the reservation. And I'm waiting for a lot of people who don't anxiety remains during the end of the top of the repair support is not a replacement. About 8,000 yen including tax is a new tax 11,0"
Ios11.3 entered the information interface left as a message point remove pop-up whether to delete the message, press the Delete the failure

I can't connect with the technical telef˜nicament...... hotel details
"Apple Support App is very easy to use, and I think that the service was great.

I want you to improve it but just one point.

It will not be able to manage the recent history. If possible, remove the Clear Recent History I want a feature."
Please contact me 13304636245
Yesterday had some images of my not know due to his next up to metabolism of of Vietnamese how billion clock glasses free clinic health and big city like this author difference his know what to say that I have loved uuu
Would love to have my case history show up with resolution/work.
"Good morning,

i am having problems with the AirPods, as if they were interference, crosses the line. Only Happens When I speak for them."
Hi my name is Kevin I recently purchased an Apple Watch I purchased the 42 mm which is the biggest one with the extra bad even with the extra band it was Unable to fit around my wrist it made it to the first latch but it was tight IÕm just asking Apple yo
Impossible to take an appointment at the Genius Bar, only the telephone support is proposed, and the gentleman has not been able to help me...
Horrible!!! Never use Apple again!!!
"I would like to unlock my account but the phone number requested is not available where I am.
Thank you for your understanding"
It is my Apple ID account: Ladjif@hotmail.com. I do not have the phone number where I am at this time. Thank you for your support and understanding
I didnÕt get my scheduled call today at 9.45
"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas

For questions mail to: tfeijen11@gmail.com"
Hello, singing, the new board this is not easy, I would like to get back the old version, where can I download
Everything is good , but why apple dont have app lock and call records its very important , apple expincive mobile but dont have security like app lock its totally waste of money

Last night, I do not have the money to the account of yy108
"Hello.. 
Really i want to cancel my subscription on Anghami Application. Every week they take charges. I didnÕt use the program anymore.
I cant cancel it by my mobile in sitting or from website. So plz cancel it from ur side.
Thankx"
"I received an email saying someone had logged into my Apple account.
I want to make sure my account is secure
Thank you 
Wanda Norris"
I need help to find out Why Êits dispering money from account
Why can't I add more directly themselves agree on the dates at the Apple Store app?
Location services issue
Very good support !!! The time that you sometimes have to wait is ok:)
I am not satisfied about my experience. Every time the advisers tried to connect me with the senior advisers the App wonÕt show the keypad so I can reply and when they finally connected me, the senior adviser did not solve my issue and did not explained i
"Good day
i am family grouping and all buy are authorised by me ! The rush of the day-to-day does not allow us to look at the background, but this month did i stop ! 420.00 shaft of levying of iTunes !!! Being that I am just a collection of Netflix and c"
_ Why Apple 6 changed the battery, now it is warm response is slow
Recently, the mobile phone signal is not particularly good. Most of the time only 1 shows no service does not know how to handle
I would like to thank the polite and quick response.
This is called Suan Mersin Gurgencler authorized servisinizdeyim but put here usulu name yaziliyor and people order it found. And sacma kurmuslar deviate from a system to deliver a device for almost an hour to do you expect. A radio with a human beings gorevli
I did not speak twice in a row in the typing on the opposite end of the advisor dialog I'm sure I do not have the opposite, for a long time. This is really not okay
I do not download whatsapp fix
How to Stop my AD used to?
Forlornly support !!!!! I wanted to say something and it is not possible , you raised the question of the repairs instead
It is recommended that the program is opened the path marked as Settings - General - Accessibility - Voice
I from the subscription netflix pending when i to pay I reloaded regularly paper , now makes me not download anything at all if the situation continues I will be forced to change telephone and manufacturer.
WonÕt to change my account
"I live in Japan, I could not get support in my language (English).
I tried the phone support, did not solve my problem.
Really I am very disappointed."
Ryou suddenly non-row operation tentacles Holding Corp.
In this case even though i am now also an
Want to change my account
Increasingly rotten apple customer service, etc. for a long time and again and I do not charge to be dead you or you want to deal with
Before saving photos & Videos ask option for saving in like googlephotos or any other app
"Hello
I would like to have information on sharp lnapple watch for the treatment of my diabetes but I cannot open a communication with Apple because I do not have the Apple Watch!!!!!! Do c pzs of num of Serie A Educate therefore pzs POS"
Iphone is someone wrong or I'm in trouble is not connected to the chat is difficult.
Please call back
Vifi balanmõyor networks stored after the last update
The signal is not good.
Many times, but i said the same thing really arrived on the meaning of this feature, or at the very least you would respond or not.
My experience was good. ÊAnd, I received an email today for Òapple-supportÓ. ÊThe email associated with it was secure@applemail.com. ÊSeemed suspicious to me, so I deleted it. Please confirm
5When an incoming call ring a few Auto Hangup
Enough timesÉ The phone is not answered at the contact that I had said.
5s why not Call Home
"The response is very slow

when there is a red envelopes to extreme where red envelopes into the red envelopes interface automatically."
Good updates
"Problem
in the box i message there is always a ....1..... unread message that appears on the pictogram while the box is empty and that all messages are read and clears"
You can cancel the APP using cellular data up to the limit of 150m
WOW, the people who programmed the new 2 Factor (BIG STUPID WORD to sound smart) failed miserably. I now know that I can turn off this feature, but wow really, while setting up a new iPad, adding the Apple ID and iTunes info, kept sending to my parents iP
I need help with a situation on my iPad
I would like to withdraw the Apple Music purchase I was in full knowledge of the purchased monthly being detained for 16 million because of what I did not know in advance. I am from now on check-out
My phone _ being detained for the money.
Want to send the data device, check it was not a small thing for us.
"Scanner For Me purchase (after 3 day trial) in error. How do I cancel. Have another scanner already. ÊThanks.

TB"
Can I cancel a system update has been downloaded, good point system would be useless
Apple 6S mobile phone upgrade 11.3 very card. What should I do
"I do not have an active subscription fee Apple Music
, now realized that the apple China monthly charge me 16 dollars i want to check-out I don't want to pay-per-view of how to opt out of music,"
I do not see how to chat. Is this it?
The degraded system
My face time and I massage are not working it says that Òwaiting for activation Ò
I need Apple's phone number
The phone will not be able to update and download any software
Apple photos are automatically get defiltered after 2-3 days .... after updating to ios 11.3 ............ like i had taken a photo with vivid filter and after 2-3 days it get converted into original filter....
Since my iPhone X purchased on 4th Dec, 2017, however, the Apple Support App shows the coverage of my iPhone X with Apple Care+ is 4th Dec, 2018, is it any mistake with the system?
"You can also call, you can turn off Find My iphone does not even state,
just a carry-in repair to advise on the screen, and
you can book at all in getting help.
I want to replace the body of the other efficiency is just too evil.
There is no other way of communication?"
Card Printer
Hello, if you have a picture in the chat sent to the employee of them, then there is confusion then "delivered". The effect on me, as if it's not perfect translated. A "sent" or "arrived" sounds better in my opinion. I just wanted to a
"I find the app is actually quite fine.

Unfortunately I can for the reserved date 13.4.18 on the App is not suf a as the appointment on 17.4.18 (afternoon). There is always an error note.

Can you help me?"
Notification bubble wonÕt disappear
My Apple mobile phones and apple watches does not match
I inadvertently put my landline instead of cell number in the app so calls Go to my home telephone number instead of my cell phone number. Clearly, when I am out of town traveling, thatÕs a problem because I have my iPhone with me and cannot get to my hom
Hello
I have receivedÓ do not replyÓreceipts for purchased games from foreign countries- 3 times now-i did not purchase these items nor are they installed on my phone - how do i fix this?
The speed is too slow.
After the system has been upgraded app flash back is black. Card?
My device works mui slow i can acer to work faster?
I was at an Apple store, I had a negative experience is not i had adequate explanations about your proposition of Apple care,problem shared also by the store manager. I have reported the criticality also through
How do you view the Activation Date
Why has your latest update cleared all my passwords!?!?!?!?!
Thank you OH
Why Cloud to domestic, how are backed up without a
That is what good can you tell me?
Good afternoon I would like to know the number of customer service in the Mexican Republic since i have a problem and i want to communicate directly with an advisor.
Remove the power-on self-kai-Bluetooth and set the time zone automatically.
Multiple use siri displays pictures to a region, it freezes restarts.
There is no "store", even though i enter "Berlin"!
Worst impossible, and I don't know where to get a formal claim for that your web site is like a maze. Horrible attention. At 8 months don't work the headphones, i the change and send evil. I hold fast two times the money , half an hour ca
I am trying and booking from morning to get telephone support but I do not have you ever invoked, I would say that the service does not operate precisely.
I cannot download a free application all applications including the jump and want to pay for this reason your own icloud AppStore i cannot use in my account on this subject i request you to help me
was in an urgent situation where i finally got a senior advisor to take over the case but connection was lost after transfer. had to find another advisor after 2 hours with previous advisor.
I have purchased a chest of 400 rubies and was charged $21.76 but I didnÕt receive my 400 rubies what can I do about this game purchase the name of the game is hidden city
Contacts
This is still an issue. Yytttttffnhv$vgjcgjcghcfhhfccvhghchccghgchgcuchcggugcugcugchcghcghcghghccghghcghcghchcghgchfhcfchfchfchfchcfhcfhcfhfchfhccfhcfhfchfch chip fhchff cfhcfhchfchfcghcfhcthctuctuctucutcutctuctutcctutuctcucutctuctutcuutcu Yytttttffnhv$vg
I brought my iPhone 7plus in Apple store to replaced my crack screen and get charged $169 when I came to pick up my phone. Apple tech told me that somehow when the tech put the screen on my phone stop working . They end up have to give me another phone. L
I cannot change to Hong Kong Hong Kong
i want recents my questions security

"You replaced a new battery in my phone and after less than 2 months the battery is damaged and drains very fast. 
Please help me solve this issue. 
Many thanks"
It would be helpful if customers could drill down into active or recent support activity and see details and current status.
Grandson ordered app mlsg7802mz on my phone apps without permission please remove app and payment thank you Susan MORRIS
"My IPhone keeps freezing up on me 
IÕve tried to reset it but IÕm still having problems with it.I Êwill try to get in 
Contact with Apple Support later on 
Today. ÊAbout. Resetting Êand restoring 
It"
Please fix the system all right. Thank you.
"Front camera shows
why the opaque"
My tesco email is closing I have a new email account for billing etc who do I send it too
Good day today I wanted to purchase a IPhone 8 of 64 golf in Aguascalientes The .Mac branch of altaria and it turns out that I don't sell it if I don't acquire the Apple care is that possible? I on page i saw in $16499 and i thought pay but already in t
I need help with my GPS. This has never been fixed except for briefly. It has only worked when I am within a few blocks of where I am going for the most part. I need help!!!
"The best one

I've just received an e-mail to This e-mail address Jskgas921-ksmdndada029-killerbeosk271@support-jealousemailwkwkland.com with a so-called purchase, but i have not purchased through iTunes. I also have no credit card related to my Apple ID.

Ka"
"I have been charged £43.99 and IÕm not sure what for can you help ? 
Ray 
07885281394 
Ray_moss@sky.com"
Hello my update and 11.3 but despite my requests have not yet been explained com never again do not feel the files of songs that I are sent via whatsapp
My phone continues to do so many strange things. I have been logged out of my bank app, my Ring Security app and my ADT app. When I do a hard reset the screen turns bright blue and lines go through the screen. ItÕs asking me for a password to an old Apple
Why does the unlock screen get stuck sideways all the time in iOS 11. ItÕs so annoying. ItÕs not ÒlockedÓ itÕs just not checking itÕs orientation and slamming it against stuff doesnÕt fix it.
May I ask my family and I in 1018 4 April in Taipei World-wide through 3C Chunghsiao East Road, Taipei City 4, 175-1, buy second-hand I phone X 256G a mobile phone on 5 April that occurs in the completely unused status either automatically open the app and not used to skip the next hand touch screen has no role to call the vendor informed purchase only if there is a problem can help us set the phone back to the factory test at least four back and forth repair to five working days but because the family weekday does not live in Taipei causes no immediate return this obviously is poor New Products Why should consumers not only new phone switch directly to consumers to right hand phone is not cheap prices is only willing to certify detection service to consumers also assume the warranty period no cellular phone use
Iphone7 ios11.3 native browser to leave dead Setup screen will appear Vertical thin line bug too much experience increasingly poor. This is forced me to switch the AI?
Tesr
"I am very satisfied with the service from Apple
that was fast and efficient"
What is the point of this app if I can't check the repair status of a repair that is under way? My MacBook was sent Depot repair and there is literally nothing in this app about it making this app literally useless. I have to go Google check apple repair
"I canÕt find what IÕm looking for to see what I can do to get my ipencil to connect. ItÕs fully charged and near iPad but it will not connect. 

Thank you,
Ann Duvall White"
Yesterday I made an appointment via the Apple App to have my iPhone battery replaced. When I showed up, the store had no record of my appointment. ÊThey advised me that they do not use the App and only accept appointments by telephone. When I showed them
Bad experience first iphone to buy after one week i regret paying all this money for unprofessional service
Why canÕt I make genius appointments anymore?
How can I make an appointment with a technician from this app?
I am so much fed up with this iPhone itÕs working like bullsit
"Useless app, severe, no help to get. If you call it ports i in ngn damn queue with background music!!! If you callers you well for the hell talking!!!
To undo a purchase!!"

_OS 11.3 after downloading the software update handset was the reduction in noise level Audio setting at the top level of noise from the low level even though it is doing to make a phone call and the buddha my phone can negatively affect the
I spent an hour on the phone with someone trying to set up an iPad repair. I gave them my address three separate times. I paid online and the confirmation email has the wrong shipping address on it. So now IÕm trying to contact someone to correct that. Th
Yes
I am very unhappy with he newest iPhone upgrade. It will not let me delete group messages
"hell all
i cant change secuirty qustions because i forget answring 
please help me to forget secuirty"
Since recent beta update. ÊPhone wonÕt answer calls when headphones plugged in. ÊHave to unplug to hear caller
I had the greatest experience with Kim Davis!!
I want to share location with the phones on my sprint account 4012078716 and 4012073466 and 4013082506.
I am having problems with the ID number. What had been changed and does not remember the current. How to solve?
"I cannot find the possibility of denouncing an app from the Apple store.
Should be an easy option"

"Hi! Had an AppleCare support call today. Reps were friendly, and I think I got my problem resolved.

However:

Ñ I provided the serial number for my product, but the rep didnÕt tell me whether or not it was under warranty; I had to look that up on my own"
Hello
Dear õsõrõlmõ_ apples, we got a we will not be able to use the 4 iphon biton pra iphon 6 we did not 3 years we have become unusable arrived, there is no space so that we will not be able to use any function. We are to take photos. Create space to say he aloes
Hello when I branch of my headphones iPhone 6s no longer emits sound. What do I do?
ItÕs really easy and fast to solve the issue with apple UK. I like this brand because of service and how they handle the customer. ItÕs really nice and convenient way to resolved our problem with apple produact
Could you send me the invoice to my MC book air buy in 2013?
You never called on multiple appointments
I already sent 3 requests for me or call me and I didn't get any response.... i am still waiting for you to help me solve a problem from my iPhone X
We are about to get rid of all of our iPhones and we have a lot! I had an extra iPhone 7 Plus.. yes extra on top of the 4 we have going along with my iPad and 3 iPods.. my daughter and son already have switched to androids and they love them! .. anyways I
"""Your apple ID security questions yesterday. The email has come.""
I don't know what is going on.

Also, specifically what kind of things we

ask your answers."
i
I keep having problem someone hacking my iPhone
My phone sometimes doesnÕt ring when some body called me
The Apple 6 there is no automatic diagnosis function
Adzhkx@icloud.com
Like previous time need urgent access to you guys like in chat because i need to buy something very urgent from App Store but time expires very fast but am confused regarding the App Store iTunes redemption , I asked you for help but I was not able to get
May I know if you have any contact number?
I am worried about the Apple ! Already canceled my credit card once per does not recognize a purchase! The same that made me today to cancel purchases over the internet with another purchase by Apple in the value of 97.90 on the day 09/04/18 please watch this for me!
In hardware support katagorisine you must add more options
"Strongly requested that
I now use a 64g-iphonex since updating to the IOS11.3 system loses power after a particularly severe can be said to be serious about 6 hours of electricity on the face-off to the IOS11.2.6 _ system is simply a different IOS11.2.6 system life working 14 hours or more and very smooth. Thanks to your frequent updates to push the system upgrade leads me and many users will not be able to use the mobile phone has a critical impact on our work and life. To this end, we strongly demand that the company re-opening of the 11.2.6 system, verify that the channel and notify us to help our use returns to its original state. Otherwise, we will, through the legal means to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of our hope as soon as possible.
My Contact Party"
Initiated chat session twice and the session ended , shit service.
The Act
Century
"I have a MacBook Pro tgat isnÕt listed as my device plus I CSN NIT GET IN IT & IÕm going on vacation 
HELP ME UNLOCK IT ASAP"
Had an appointment at 5:50 pm and itÕs now 6:30 pm still havenÕt had a tech come talk to me. Very upset.
I just received my iPad Pro 12.9 today. As with the new parent is nervous about a baby, I was very hesitant when I ran into a problem. When I called Apple support I was immediately connected to Jason. He was so calm, knowledgeable and helpful and resolved
A very successful
You TAKE TOO MUCH IN THE CHATS
If TARDAN 15 minutes en of COSAS
Why is my Apple disabled so I cannot update my apps?
I canÕt sign into my Apple ID because 1: I changed my phone number and 2: I forgot my password
"Mono (spelling of his name...not sure of), was great.

Matthew, senior advisor Mono put me through to involving another case, was a poor listener, put words in my mouth and was indignant. I am reporting him to a very senior level. He doesnÕt know who I am"
I think I am getting porn on my phone from a Woolworths email. How do I stop this
"I have to say that my iPhone X goes well enough.
I had to comperarne a new one to deal that I had with the iPhone previous X.
I bought also a iPad, the Lion of Lonato. I hope now keep these my new devices protected.
Good work"
Trying to check battery
I cannot stop a porn site from popping up. Why
"IÕve been trying to switch my iCloud account beginning with pd55 this is my social security # I was told that a link to save my photos and other pertinent information and cannot complete the task.
Have called numerous times since February 21 ,2017 and to"
How to automatically shut down after the update
I have been compromised on my I Pad . On my Hangout account . I was just now threaten Êfrom John Lordes. People are using my app to talk with others . I have asked them to leave several times .They have me use their Email to get into Hangout. I believe Ap
Why should we validate our payment information during updates? I do not see how my financial statements have a link with the update of my applications. It is really boring as the restriction
It would be nice to email someone or have the live chat rather than calling for support.
Battery replacement is complete why find Battery Information
I am of the United States of America does not automatically update. What should I do
Siri feature in 4G environment can wake up but could not continue to operate in accordance with the account of the steps is invalid. My version is 11.3.
Up to a little before the phone will automatically restart after kitlenmedi ba_lattõm has been triggered. iPhone 8 plus
Ask the phone system after upgrading the capacity of the battery with the real capacity of the battery has a much different
"someone using or tapping my phone ? some hacking on my I Phone ..pls help 
thank u send email pls"
Good night bought another iPhone and i am not able to rescue the photos of iCloud already done multiple backups can someone help me
"11.3, and the portrait mode landscape mode if you are not very many moves off and on when you return to the screen had planted
michelson drawings. What do I like to keep up these days, why is it a bug planted here -
Please tell me straight in the headquarters
that team cook baby is only 9.15 price increase of not knowing what is increasingly 'Whack"
I am not able to update but application
I think it would nice to be able to add a case Id. I have one going for an Apple TV repair that is not listed in the support app.
The APP I want to re-establish an account previous account Ding used to?
What is meant by email address?
What is meant by email address?
Just use two app body feels hot to the touch. The heat.
iPhone 6s change the battery case is shown iPhone 6.
Hello someone has been using my Apple ID to hack into my phone link my phone with there watch mess with my settings and pry into my personal business readying my messages listen to my phone calls and logging in my phone and onto my account without my conv
The appointment of the Nanking East Road, shop for battery at a scheduled time to shop has been advised of the count does not have a battery replacement. Apple's service is so poor that you count does not have a battery replacement why would also agree with me in order, or you notice that today I cannot switch can also Oh let me so white running through it is very empty, idiot post rubbish a Forced
I do not replace the battery.
My phone cannot connect to the mobile network
The two are connected iphonex beatx and solo3 are problematic normal play for a period of time, suddenly the headset does not sound the phone displays the Bluetooth connection is good but the phone does not change as the speakers looked replied
Please forward all of my financial transactions from 2016-2017 from NAB and Suncorp as I have found a new information, to the Asian.com, and the fog.com. I'll try to make an excuse to get to VIC , Aus as soon as possible.
I submit the question but have not received back to the previous version is very quickly to your customer service call.
How can i recover my contacts, because I erased
"Hello! 

Is macOS High Sierra version 10.13.4 a legitimate update?

Since the day before my system has been saying ÒincompatibleÓ updates which is weird. 

The local dungeon federal cops are trouble makers with a weird disrespectful abusive disruptive vil"
Experience does not help very poor.
There is no cell phone service
Contact is not at all.
Good experience, very helpful.
Good
one of my I phone 7 Ê( gold 128gb) has issues with service WiFi connectivity device getting frozen just after 5 months of use. I submitted this last Friday with commitments of one week.Tried calling Apple customer care store after long wait representative
Line was cut into,there was a different IP address and I am with t-mobile. Please check connections over past 3 days.thank you concerned.612-232-0942 jseacollins@icloud.com
I need somebody to call me ASAP
Good i have today I had a bad experience with my iPhone X why I was frozen and i also marks the performance of my battery is 98% and that should not happen to a new device
I need a call ASAP. 7033330988
This app was so easy to use and convenient. I downloaded it and was on the phone with someone to help me in less than 5 minutes. Angela from on the other end of the phone was so helpful and reassuring. She stayed on the phone with me for a half hour getti
I just want to consolidate my Apple IDs to keep track of purchases and stop having three accounts. Can someone at Apple Support help me?
Ask about the iphone safari's AUTOFILL, to try to answer in the other browser, chrome and yahoo! Tried the Browser application, safari's data is mischievous or was not able to enter the save password and auto also.
Apple is not elaborate,
I can not set the alarm on my iPad
Hello I would like to have mode of payment
Obviously there is a problem then detection for a variety of reasons _ responsibility is to report to the 12315 line only.
ouii
"For the last two days trying to schedule a service call and there is no way to work

Greetings"
You support agent didnÕt seem like he wanted to help at all. Then just got off chat abruptly. Not what i expected from apple
Shijiazhuang, Hebei, Shanxi Road 83, until _ believe in 1216, replacing the battery new battery installed, you cannot use it to remove the also have to buy to i
Why is Apple billing me without my permission. How do they have a hold of my bank details? Why are they billing me? I did not authorities these transactions of 10% happier and Candcrush I deleted because it was automatically Billing me & I have no idea ho
The mobile phone camera down the hot
Very good.
High
Really Thanks Apple!!!! You are magnificent and the products the best on the planet !!!! I love my computers !!!!
Forget the access restriction password. What can I do
Also, I charge 100% to 15% and at the same time I do until the battery is reduced. Battery replacement is also 1 restaurants shops are not only not taking reservations. Call the outside, even if the battery has expired.
I have no e-mail to my order from yesterday, is this normal?
I want to discuss lady alled Kaca at Yelin
Issue with MaxÕs iPhone has now resolved so no longer need Genius Bar appointment today. But there is no option on your system to cancel.
Did not want to download apple support app, Internet spent a lot of time have not been successful thus appointment she asked a friend help Silver City is not apple called me to Canton Road branch out in the rework to go out of the former staff help cannot directly after the phone on the ground to reserve a few days but it is also full of called me about download apple support app, really good helpful, why waste time, poor service
The next time you no longer use apple products
"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas

For questions mail to: tfeijen11@gmail.com"
Wrap except for me from a game i would like to cancel the exchange but does not appear to be a receipt
"My MacBook Pro is 2009 purchase I think.
And my iPhone 7+ wonÕt allow me access with new pswd as an option

So it loops and I am ready to scream
Help
Lindaholmberg
707 349-2962

Lindaholmberg"
I donÕt want I tunes to take out of account thatÕs apply. ÊHow do I change it to differ account.
Would be good if I could call over wifi. IÕm out of cell range at sea but canÕt contact over wifi
This morning I received an alert that someone was trying to access my Apple ID from a computer in the Netherlands. I immediately changed my password. Is Apple trying to catch these people or passing information about them to the police? ÊWhat concerns me
I can't make it cause this screenshot of the Iphone x makes no new
Contact the phone can't change
The Board Problem Solution after-sales service follow up to
After login is always a contact telephone of i see no longer exists. I cannot change in the Support app, not even in the Settings or Appleid.apple.com
Wrong name on iTunes backup the whole instead of Dr. Huber "strokes " someone has hacked and how others are me! In addition to Italy in E-Mail constantly post mast rmac news! Sincerely, Dr. Huber
The voltage is too serious a

How to downgrade Apple 6 system.
I am very disappointed with your services after the last upliit the phone goes awful on April 3rd I was charged and I do not know why if I do not get explanations about what it is I'll give up your products I'll go to android
The recent purchase of gaming products as a result of the Non-operating result in changes in the amount I also want to thank the official recovery
Non-I purchased a product name is the daughter of the western tour
I lost during the chat.
Start using your login ID.
I icloud foto_raflarõmda i have a problem with would be to help you disable icloudu siliyorum foto_raflarõmda exclamation mark in the desert. Without the use of my photos in internetim cellular data is that the mature
Good
Still unable to attach downloaded ringtones to contacts.
After updating to new software I am unable to access full features of imobile app of ICICI Bank
"This is the capacity of the battery shows that 83 per cent would need to replace the battery
please direct reply to thank you."
I want to make my own song in Smule sing
"If there is no iPhone 6 Plus inventory as replacement batteries
you should select a phone model is gray left cannot be selected
next to the already and explain why it is not selected
and not ex post facto determine Appointment email text is displayed.
Successful Reservation also points will be left to check e-mail
, after you have successfully scheduled have nothing to check (
and this is not at all times to check email.
Saturday I went to the appointment location aware not only of the field cannot replace a waste of time to further improve the service Change display mode. The subscription battery more clear."
The Advisory service is not professional, the answer is not to have to wait for half a day. My question is does not have a complete will go directly to the Senior Adviser. Senior Consultants transfer time is too long.
My account purchase error code 2037, how to fix, Thanks
My camera just now have the problem.
Very Satisfied
Thank you for helping me to solve the problem in a timely manner
Allp store acõlmõyor why is systematically retarded error
Support
Ios11.3 upgrade later with long standby time,
Short Battery Life
Beijing card cannot add
The mobile phone is used to burn at least 45 degrees
Overseas, you will not be able to receive support by phone. I would like to have chat support.
Support is available to sent a contact from the reply is in how to see?
Potts said application to the air
I bought a matte black Apple 7 today find this phone will paint on most of the local be scared to death by the leakage current.
Say hello to the young people of the village dedelerimizin 50 years ago they made our village in accordance with the union of the faithful onardõk In the last ten years are unavailable in the village is a very deficient in our room and there was still this eksiklerimizin unfortunately most of its own chances g
"Apple Pay card $0 charge when I had just finished the value on the card but failed to swipe in with a value of $0 then you will always have a value of the exit and also turned into a value. As a result, remove the card and then add the card is successful.
You want to know the value of _ failed it can never be a value will only be able to remove the card and add the card to be successful"
Charge the headset mode
You cannot buy things
The staff of the Lujiazui service is poor. The issue is not resolved it will be _ responsibility simply pushed to the out-of-warranty let it pass.
I am unable to create group name of iMessage.... no such option appears
IÕve waited 2weeks almost for a refund my card is still declining because itÕs held by apple I have 6 kids WHAT IS HAPPENING
Good afternoon , since I last updated my iPhone does not work well , there are calls that do not fall and from time to time when a notification on the screen that says " error in system "
No possibility to take an RV to change the battery, then that during my last move there has not wanted to take an RV and i was oriented toward this app ....?
I shut my apple
When the se2 is really looking forward to it.
It sucks that I canÕt find anywhere to make a Genius Bar appointment
"Hello,
Phone or tablet is locked when we close the closing of the direct dial telephone Fingerprint or password is shut down if the phone is ringing or unfair to the one who deal with the phone off and it will be easier to find a phone. Telephone kit"
Your customer service n forced Hong Kong did not is my clothes
Officials and get the messaging
"Swipe to the control center is not displayed in the from the bottom.
Finger movements is not sensed.
fault??"
Hello my old phone system seems to be my new 0534 772 34 92 gets updated as would be good work.
Apple store acõlmõyorr
"Re sorry to have judged too hastily;
Consultant to well present friendly and listening to the.Nothing to complain about.
To the top"
"Apple map
upgrade in the CarPlay after IOS11.3 mode no navigation sound.
The proposed increase in the navigator add destination feature when driving with no Destination allows the same car served as assistant to the destination can find the path to the destination site or to driving on your iphone."
Cannot reserve
My battery is running out so fast
Received email about fraud purchase? Need your number to talk about this transaction?
Hello, there is something that does not work with my mobile, i.e.: my compass is always sballata, does not report never properly north, why?
I do not have the Chinese Mainland
The tapping IT works more after 3 weeks
Visit
I ask for location setting to be fixed several time it sad you can't fix your own product
Nice
I don't have any other phones on my acct get ride of others
The weather will come with software for no _ to remove the add city
Shut down the charging time do not display the battery?
i want too buy and click action and house and passport and visa bank
How to respond to the issue of smartkeyboard gives no response.
Last update the battery runs out more quickly.
I am not in Italy
diagnostics stayed at Òwaiting for supportÓ so I waited patiently for diagnostics to ÒfinishÓ, although it actually had done so & just hadnÕt flicked me back to the support worker. Thus the chat apple person ended the chat, moving on to his next case, alt
I would appreciate it if you made making a reservation at the Genius Bar more easy and straightforward
This is the latest software download card you are afraid of models to the latest version
The show my number when the appliance is 4G network it is locked to connect or disconnect the function, I put my work only in 3G network, then the button is enabled, then i pro 4g it remains enabled. Now after you upgraded to 11.3 fa
If the apple id forget your answers to the questions are forgotten. The phone does not activate the phone for many years the invoice will not find the phone does not become the bricks in Canada.

How long do you think itÕs going to take untill things are corrected?
After upgrading the ios11.3 machine heat.
Now it is a little late my iPhone x
My private apple account is attached to a 2nd cell number that is not mine and an icloud address I don't use. Have spent months trying to get help removing but returns. Best I sign out apple and get different phone -- no longer apple.
I would like to receive immediate help
Call Me Now
Canton Road Branch poor service
When I downloaded the last update I lost several of my contacts
Well Chow Chow and the entire app, not good to use.
I was in the shop of Catania at the center of the commercial center of Sicily in date 11/04/2018 at 16:30 I came to ask for the availability of a power cable for my iMac 27 were simply ridiculous and devoid of organiz
Absolute horrible experience at BestBuy... aside from no one telling us our phone will be taken for several hours for repair the Geek Squad representative couldnÕt appear more bothered to have a customer. After being told sheÕd be taking the phone for sev
I would like to change your password
"To improve the behavior of the iphone X kill task.

With the Home button, all from your iphone or ipad screen, swipe on the task distribution, you can kill the task, the iphone 4 at the press only X length is required, and does not make sense

, except for the length of the Task kill press operation, including bringing notch.

Also, the behavior of the iphone X Task kill
iOS 11 or later is the same as the behavior of the ipad i
swipe after swipe from the bottom,
press in on the length of the Task kill does not get operation."
Horrible
I did not order anything
After the last 11.3 update _arjõm began early is the center of the apple eyy yokmu this
Mail alma
"Hello
I do not happen to remove the code of my iPhone"
How to downgrade the ISO8 system
Check the appple.com
"Ios11 more system play the king of glory it was call back will be stuck
on the issue of iphone8p I play games when other people call comes in after I play the game and others in the background there has been a call page someone to call is not up to the phone"
With regard to the iphone11 above questions in my game playing time someone calls come in after I play the game and others in the background there has been a call page to call someone else is not, it will open the phone. A lot of people online is how to resolve
If you have a weak support needs, but the product has no SN. Weak.
With regard to the iphone11 above questions in my game playing time someone calls come in after I play the game and others in the background there has been a call page to call someone else is not, it will open the phone. A lot of people online is how to resolve
Why does my iPhone all nine and guarantee to the date June 2018 I do not understand why
How do I set up a Genius Bar appointment.
The apple account avatar for a few days and no
Just a heads up that yÕall think the Thousand Oaks store opens at 9am when 10am is the actual opening time. This time discrepancy was not a problem for me, since it meant I arrived half an hour early for my hoped-for walk-in service visit, rather than hal
Use Support
I want to know where and how to send my iPhone 7 Plus to repair. In my city there is no any technical service.
My phone number is incorrect

Senior adviser Joesh hung up on me today! He does not need to have that Job! I will email Tim Cook
Apple 7p camera and flash seems to be a problem suddenly is not good for the also do not want to spend the money was wrongly accused of the out-of-warranty bad real-person
Please let me tell you the phone number to use when you call me back for support!
Test
Test
Test 123
I took my computer to one of your service providers, encore technologies, and was very disappointed in their service. The computer was not going to be looked at for 48 hours, which was not explained to me when they charged me $43, and told me theyÕd call
I need some assistance and I need someone to call me IÕm not doing this online stuff. 770-881-1304
Test 123
"My Apple ID has been disabled, and don't tell me the reason, ja changed password, ja did everything that speak on the site and still do not want to unlock, sera q vcs could help me?
Sent from my iPhone"
I received a mail, of something I had bought in the Apo Store; and I have not been. I need help please. Thank you.
Keep it user friendly
Search in articles
I need to speak to a customer service rep 3363091050
No stores available
Test
Or can we find the amount of my account
amazing swift response, quick assistance and very helpful customer service representatives. keep it up guys wish all of you the best, god bless you all
"Have visual voicemail notify you that you have a voicemail message when data is turned off.
Be able to block text messages but not phone calls from an individual phone number.
Thank you."
The air is very sunny Face ID does not lock or full lock open up to the time we go to the elim like smoke Face ID does not try again on the Face ID enter password as any koysanõz bassak him again as i think it would be nice if it unilaterally recognizes yŸzŸmŸzŸ
Test
Service de plus en plus dŽplorable
IÕm unable to update and am trying to find out how much I owe Apple so ÊI Êcan see receipt
Test
Hi, I not able to purchase things from live .me, fix please this issue, thanks
Ms. Tomoko was stolen the paddy-kan trout
Katrina was very kind and has done his job very well..and are very satisfied..thanks again katrina..
"Very fast, the people who assists us very nice and goes to the Faena.
The spectacular everything super clean and pleasant
morning boi and will surely be as always

Xavier L—pez Garc’a"
I need to get a replacement device
Can you please contact me at (559)Ê666-8588
"How do I get in touch
with an attendant"
Test 123
This is unbelievably frustrating. IÕve been wasting so much time trying to find a way to make a Genius Bar appointment. I can never make it down to the store and my daughter is going tonight with her Girls Scout troop, so I wanted to make an appt for myse
"Hello! 

ThereÕs another hacker in my Apple iPhone from an Android developer. 

Systems slow down!


Pls advise."
Quisie
Test 123
Hum,l
My iPhone 6 suddenly crashed during a Candy Crush game. Maybe you can find out the problem.
I can sign into my account
How you assist me mereba saygilar
"The app is ok. But since I don't know where to voice my opinion....

Everytime an app (I've got a lot) updates I have to sign/log back in! It's a pain! Please fix this issue!
(Doesn't seem to affect my game apps)"
My mobile phone is unable to shut down or restart because the FaceTime card does not exit in the background, but a genius bar appointment today but not too much!
Good afternoon, I have problems with my appliance since people do not listen to me well, they say that you listen with Echo..i would like to know what type of problem is, I say that it is in factory default..i would appreciate your valuable information!
Click Ok
"I am avoiding using my cell phone. I am with a deep and growing hatred of the researches that liked to do. If it is possible to withdraw this ipv4.google.com
impossible for my quick searches from day to day. I am preferring to return to using the notebook than"
My Apple ID is aprilfrieze@hotmail.com. ÊSome of my apps r under Jeremyfrieze@bayercropscience.com. ÊThat email address is not valid. ÊHow do I get rid of that?
"Good day,

I use Apple products for many years, I am also satisfied so far.
However bothers me the volume icon when videos look enormous.

I would be very happy if you could fix in the next update.

Lg"
The updated touch screen occasionally a black screen flash is a lot of hits without any response.
"IÕve been paying for YouTube twice a month for a year and I want it stopped and IÕm old and canÕt figure out how to do it 
Love everything else"
"Apple music music domestic companies are as much on service, the more users would cause
more excited me for the source partner?"
The Apple stores nearby are all so busy that there is often no Genius Bar appointment available in the next week. However the app doesnÕt allow appointments to be made for more than a week in advance. This makes it impossible to schedule an appointment us
Frustrated with the troubleshooting calls and the Apple store visits and no solution with recurring issues
Would be fun to have the chat option you have online. And a notification when u receive a your e-mail.
"Hello,

after the last update at the iPhone SE disconnects itself from the Utility. It should be bug in IOS 11.3"
Thanks full apple community
I think itÕs ridiculous that I can no longer schedule a Genius Bar appointment thru the app
"As you can note the vertical pages keynote.
I don't want to use third-party software such as a word. Don't you feel the beauty."
"My e-mail cotegagnon@ hotmail.com
I do not receive e-mails and I cannot send"
Tesr
Please take me out of business development back to right settings iPhone 7 Plus
Unless usuuujuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu kgoooo De nadafillivvfvvvvvfvfvfvfvfvfvfvfvfvvfvfvfvfvflvfvfvffffffvvffvfvfvfvfvfvfffffvffvffffvfvvfvfvfvvfvvvvfvfvfvfvfovffvfvfvfvvfivffvvfvfvfvfvvfvfvfvfvfvf
Make option to create apple repair without needing to chat. Save time.
"Contact Support:The attention is excellent, have clarified my doubts and helped me to solve the problems. I have only done a query.
As to the remainder of the implementation is very interesting and useful"
I have a problem in my iPad Pro
I do not have the icloud why don't you upload the information on my mobile phone.
Support my health activity apps please support legal information
Log in to a Wi-fi password once the iphone remember not reconfigure
I would like an option to discuss Apple product purchases with someone without going in the Apple store. ÊÊItÕs hell and takes hours!
Buy an application by accident is called coloreatullamada i am trying to cancel it as I already canceled it but I am not sure if i did well and I don't know how to check it out i could help verify this please. Thanks
I was able to chat and now no wy
Great app I loved it
"They could not give me a solution , i had 3 chats and until today no one can resolve.

What a disappointment."

T
"I cannot seem to find my account on any of your apps except this one. ÊHowever I want to cancel my subscription to Hallmark Now. ÊI cannot seem to find a place to do that!
Please text me where to find it!
350-941-4514"
The camera function, in addition to the panoramic and delay can use other modes will not be able to use but other photo software can use what is wrong
I locked myself out on my phone. ÊI donÕt know what my pin is on my iPhone how do I get my iPhone unlocked. 775 722 0879
The phone is empty, _
What is the micro-voice or video, sound, large, small sometimes did not tell us how to solve the sound
Reminders app sometimes freezes and i have to reboot in order to make it work again
Excellent staff they try to help as best as they can I give them all 5 stars each
The map shows the ambiguity.
Tried to explain an issue about my account and the agent and she ended the chat before I could hit send.
Iphone body ring red color not good Êafter 6 7 month color damage
"Aozb
102988753"
This app is showing my home number not my cellphone number in account
I have been trying unsuccessfully to contact U regarding an iPad that belonged to my dead FIL. I spoke with rep at Apple supp earlier who explained I have to go to a store with a obituary to get the Apple ID switched. I have been trying for 2 HRS to make
You could be _ last night I shut off the flow of you do not know the secret upload download anything I want to be your system update i flow lost 600m carriers received a reply today is the link between your Apple System loss in the early hours of sleep I know you are too sick to secretly engage in personal phone operating rights to you my complaints.
Hello. I read the student Works In Turkey TŸrkmenistanlõ Now the keyboard option in tŸrkmence ekleseniz great help us. I am dokunaca_õndan
To book call
After updating to the IOS11.3 QQ and micro-do not have access to the system call siri often do not recognize the situation
My phone was bought used by my boyfriend and IÕm on his att plan but IÕm having all kinds of problems
You have my phone number wrong
The Home button is loose on the warranty can be replaced?
My phone will not make outbound calls or receive inbound calls since the 11.3 update because of this I cannot connect with apple to get assistance
I forgot my apple i-D. What if?
How hard would it be do you help someone simply find out if another company has been taking my money from me through you saying youÕre not sending it to them would you please help me in this matter
Playing games on the phone, the phone suddenly to drop while continuing to play each other to hang up the phone. The end of the game, I wanted to make a phone call to find out before you can restart the mobile phone.
IÕm very upset with the way IÕve been treated by Apple not necessarily Apple but the employee that have been helping me tonight because I have not helped at all except for the last one
You might try listening to people and maybe you could help somebody other than take someone like me my money and give to someone else without asking put apps all over my phone I bought from AppleAnd charge me for it when IÕm not asking for it I want that
You might want to change your response goes this could go on all night long all through tomorrow and maybe the next day is very wrong to treat people with viral diseases like me and very poor h ealth on a fixed income asking for your help and being treate
This app is amazing! Customer service is impeccable! I just wish Apple had more solutions that what I was offered.
"On my back page to sign in for credit cards
Is always none? Cause of my idenity theft!
No way will I put credit cards on none of 
Iphone8Plus? And itÕs not letting me sign 
In? ItÕs always none! 
Rachel Arciniega-!AMT53@satx.rr.com
#210626-8007!"
Upgrade your family share.
_ wiped away the iphone. What should I do
_ wiped away the iphone. What should I do
I feel good. Thank you.
The Hong Kong version of the thing is not the licensed products you buy things in Hong Kong has become a foreign purchase Apple's separation.
I can provide my cell phone number to schedule a call, I do not accept it, what do I do?
above bd.com
"In November of last year when I went to the store and replace it with a warranty period she wrote, I wish they had
a replacement for staff, and you do not want as much as possible out there, but this time in the atmosphere out of warranty repairs repairs of one ear 10000 yen both ears to buy entirely new
waste, I do not understand that only the legs will come back to give up.
Until now, the apple products for many years, including devices and watch available, but this time I felt that it was a bad apple's response garnered
air power is also looking forward to the future is the purchase of what is there not"
In 2018 the new ipad use Baidu cloud and micro-bo watch video during the flash back. The use of micro-bo, look at the video sometimes mute.
Customer should be able to run diagnostics on there own without calling someone
The value of the point on the game show the value failed please contact itunes may I ask how to

I tried to download ÒMollyÕs GameÓ to my iPad from iTunes and it will not play. I paid 5.99 to rent it and cannot get it to work. IÕve explored the internet for answers without a remedy. ÊIf this cannot be resolved, IÕd like the rental fee returned to my
Iiphone6ios11.3 system sometimes card does not move
"Well as I still donÕt have this phone hooked up properly I never followed the directions plan to do so soon as possible. I transfer from my iPhone 6And now I have a iPhone 8plus and tablet.
When my Apple Music transferred over I am missing most of my favo"
"Absolutely terrible I have a question regarding an iPhone 8 IÕve ordered but have not received and cannot get through to check if itÕs been shipped as I realise I need the iPhone 8 Plus. 

I donÕt have the serial number yet"
My iPad Mini has two separate Apps for my bank on it. Which is the genuine App
Why is there no email address
"Everything went perfectly as I chatted with Nisham 
He helped me so much
No improvement needed!!
D Mullis"
My system is up-to-date prior to the .315e216 iOS 11 system is also experiencing this problem status bar drop-down, sometimes to the left and right slide the lock screen page is sometimes unable to left right after rebooting the iphone will do but sometimes it can be how to resolve.
This app is been purchased accidentally by my child, Please refund my purchase
YÕall Real Ass Niggas _
I changed the phone number what should I change the apple support phone number
I feel that store experience very poor me on August 9 in the evening to your store indicates Apple Watch damage need to repair your store staff preliminary check damage expressed the need for two weeks repair time I said to the staff asked me whether I said there was no appointment he asked me to download apple support for an appointment. Guidance and how do I use. But appointments could not be instant. Reservation can only be tomorrow this indicates that I need to intentionally run. The entire process was approximately 15-20 minutes 3 minutes to complete the receipt of my watch and then turn on the maintenance invoices to me now spend 20 minutes but watches are still not sent for repair but also to such _ to waste time guests is your valet to do? I do not mind if I am queued to your store why not instant handle repair case, may I ask if the purchase of new products required
Why does my iphone display service guarantee has expired?
Super App
Everytime i tried to schedule a call. It shows me this time is not available. Please select another call. It also shows for future dates as well.
"Use the boot is unable to exit the current 11.3 for the
first time you use does not have this problem occurs when the second the use of this type of problem"
My IPAD up to 11.3, the keyboard input methods do not like how to set up a change back to the original
No bad experience but there should be a way that any customer can buy Apple device and it can be put on your wireless service plan like installments that att have
You have to download the individual games how to download the trusted certificate at that location.
Not user friendly, unclear & not helpful at all!
How do I upload photos
Folder number 100491018392 unresolved problem the warranty ends at the end of the month of April and I would like to be able to benefit if the problem of unloading comes from the phone please contact at more quickly by phone Thank You
iPhone 7 Plus screen i would like to receive the price Deviation
Spicy Chicken service
Top
11.3. Waste is too serious. This system taking into account the user
"You appie from micro-letter automatically charge $108 108 is of a commodity transaction number 4200000003201710086752567406 Merchant Number MTHJMFZ8JFA0 Charge date 2017-10-08 02:24:53 commodity
App Store & Apple Music: from 10.08 to complete the purchase I have been complaints means that money was withheld, but I still was not a member of the I want a refund I want to report 315"
The IPhone was hacked again. Apple care knows about case.
I guess I must do a report to FTD AND FCC. ÊI will need your help.
Cannot find the previous phone support booking information, to cancel the booking
Some of the guest service men and their poor attitude to his work, also offending

I can not always see any reservable dates / times
Excellent application,problem solved the operator has fully satisfied my requests by solving the problem congratulations!!
Do you really want to do I have to use the phone
My phone is not the reason for normal use.
Siri will not be able to open the kinship network short (3-digit number
It should be possible to change the phone number to Contacts
Make update all my iOS 11
I'm not in Brazil
Ok. Thank you.
"After updating to IOS 11.3, the IPhone X does not work with my wireless home network, but connected automatically turns off the automatic connection, so that you actively turn it back on again.
This should not be!"
The phone card does not recognize
I always let you refund why not refund to me now, I am a member of the arrangements are interesting anyway I want to refund $108 to me I will in consultation with the platform does not return to me...
I always let you refund why not refund to me now, I am a member of the arrangements are interesting anyway I want to refund $108 to me I will in consultation with the platform does not return to me...
"Repair the firmware of my camera,
for that I have more The message error (Flash Off Leaves cool your Iphone)"
Telephone number = 0683568275
"Today, as the p20 from the very heart of my small 7 Return to do some problem-solving but points in the right side of the screen. When a message is often skip flash shadows problems still exist anyway, your company is not detected and returned to the factory for clearance of the rear screen position is a bit down the side of the touch screen with your finger, clear out of the phone is very disappointed to
see that the domestic brands for the past few years, China's development is very pleased to switch the phone will take into account, in order to"
I was not able to chat back because I didnÕt see the notification of your respond. ÊIt didnÕt appear in my notification up front of screen, Êthat happens a lot, ÊÊWhat am I doing wrong ? ÊPlease advise ! ÊDv
I cannot download the game from the AppStore
One of the latest games in honor of the Ottoman " " in the game that i received from the AppStore but Google event storeden indirilebiliyõr
The customer service attitude is very poor previous experience the same problem is not the same person approach is not the same. Really Bad review
Macau does not have appointments?

IÕm trying to contact your customer care via email. But the app or your website only allow me to submit some sort of ÒproblemsÓ. How can I contact you for general enquiry? I donÕt want to contact by phone call
Account under icloudun de_i_tirdi_im my phone number appears to be invalid.
Hello I have a problem with my sound of departed photo and i n arive not has the remove in vidreure mode
Why should point back to the black screen
I need an appt at the Apple store
I bought a second-hand is active, how to deal with Apple.
IÕm looking for somewhere to report scam emails from you. Would it be good to put a link from here? ÊThank you.
My battery to become hot, what should i do
Hi whatÕs wrong I canÕt find Switzerland Êin this App in order to replace the screen.
That is called easy
Good
Desire to terminate the subscription of HAPPN of its completion! I have to know my intention and if you do not terminate the subscription I will initiate legal claims!
Very fast and good service, very friendly staff and helpful
Nice
The password could not be found. What should I do
I just had 30 min of my life wasted by an impatient agent who disconnected me while I was performing the task she asked me to. I have spent $4000 on Apple products and services in the last four weeks and to be treated like this is unacceptable! I cannot b
qqqq
There is no subsequent status tracking
Test 123
Apple 7p are found using a card

The Apple 7 mobile edition why so what is the cause of the card?
I need an appointment
Two-factor authentication is extremely difficult to use. Also there is no way to turn off the experience is poor.
May I ask the store to repair the phone but lost the invoice. To use the e-receipt?
I was told I could change an appointment in the Apple store through this app and I canÕt find it anywhere bad bad bad
Test
Thanks a lot
It was nice
"1. 
IÕd like to get my iPhone repaired at Apple Stores. So I need a feature to filter out other places in order for me to find only Apple Stores. 

2. 
In addition, IÕd like to have my ÒFavorite StoresÓ for easy access within the app so that I do not have"
I keep receiving emails from Apple secure equipment purchase iPhone
B2x service centre use abusing words with caster I hate this type of service centre agents
V
Why does the apple X just bought is unable to connect to the App Store in all approaches have tried to solve
11.3 The system is rotten system charged with close to seven to eight hours of power are not full of this is to let my 24-hour charging use D. NIMA labor this minute I want to welcome you to the entire family.
Occasionally to point-blank range, an incoming call screen is bright but no phone page
Whats going on I canÕt go to my iCloud account, IÕm I been hack or something
Why should I pay for Apples battery issues?
"Please delete my current payment method which is an expired credit card.

I prefer a payment method of ÒNoneÓ since I do not want to make any future purchases.

The current ÒExpiredÓ status of my credit card prevents my ability to download Free Apps from"
New Update.
"Want feedback, the iphonex
really it is I used the experience of one of the iphone does not have

it really cards include your own staff members have said that the card
to store the brush, did not use
it remains difficult to use


does not give way now
to take care of our consumers feel now


you know one of the cards, sometimes the phone to dial the number of the phone how to despair?"
My mother or somebody has hacked the iCloud account the iCloud account is on accessible for a lock out for 24 hours same thing with the 7+ that was stolen so the zanies company needs to get off my ass
Mobile iPhone Facebook app
In Korea, please open the itunes store.
Update Apple emai ÊiCloud . You can do it all your messages at once set a one by one
There needs to be an easy way to make an appointment at the Genius Bar
After updating to iOS 11.3, my IPhone 8 Plus and my families two iPhones have problem connecting to local telecom operatorsÕ mobile data. I use 4G data connection and I have about 180GB data plan. However after updating to iOS latest release version, all
Telephone code +594 French Guiana
Not very helpful i was able to get a better opinion on google Êvery slow typing
How the hell do I make a Genius Bar Appointment?!!! So frustrating...
I want to make an appointment to upgrade my older desktop MAC computer. And, to sync it with my iPhone, iPad, etc.
I have a problem , whiles replying to a text notification , when thereÕs an in coming call, the keyboard covers the accept and decline button which makes it impossible to accept the incoming call. Please check and have it fixed . The keyboard should disap
The person calling using the problem uncoupling chat nothing were finished the move happens the chat with an average status.
It seems that the account has encountered a problem
Just with my wife over the phone why ID is my mailbox numbers is the wife of how to change the APP to update the software on how to set up your own ID number
Would like to report that IÕm getting phishing phone calls every few hours claiming to be Apple support. Letting them go to voice mail, the numbers are widely varied but come up as Apple in caller ID.
"Not history saying there is no activity on this phone and there is ?
Plus I deleted messages in green message box and I need to get them back , for court , if you can please help me ?
Thank you so very much 
Praying that you can"
Trying to create a free developer account, is it possible
Bi sound comes out of the tougher way rather
Hey I coverage
Can I add live chat pls
Give an option to delete document and data of apps, to save memory. Every time canÕt uninstall and reinstall it again bcaz it time consuming and boring doing same thing again
"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas

For questions mail to: tfeijen11@gmail.com"
"Final Notification

Your AppIe ID is due to expire today. Prevent this by confirming your AppIe ID at http://appIe-static.com


AppIe Inc


Is the message above from apple?"
The value of the game could not but be able to buy the app
HORRIBLE.....no answers talking to a stupid robot!!! ÊStill have NO ANSWER
I scheduled the call for 1:00 PM and I never received a call
6 Settled due to a fault with the IMEI changing my legal off the record i did not take into account the message is becoming the first came a second time i ask you to imitate on the subject.
I'm getting shut down and experiencing some difficulty in settings ... I have three devices with only I email address as my contact I still have my out of contract iPhone 6 plus & havnt upgraded as yet! I'm being scammed and have bank account deductions (
"I promise that it will disable send request assistance, but this policy the policy games you have regard to the user does not know? No,
you do not know? that I do not play a game to listen to music, watch a movie by the use of the information I have never sold derivative sampling de Jujuy copy alone is the mail settings have not passed the evaluations"
Endure to see us to do not know why not to tell us not benefit, but we are glad to be a people that you trust. But the actions of you. It is not the same as the wall of the big product you know that I do what I have to do now. But with the debt is not the solution and set
Do all the new apple iwatches series 3 with gps and cellular have the red dial and the ones that r just gps have the same dial as the series 2
The peter g _phonex Billboardlarõnõzda selfiede by the brand of the glasses please please gšnderirmisiniz
Test 123
Does not help
"Worked great. ÊJose solved my problem. ÊThank you!

David"
"Dear Mr:
I had recived a messege from you, It says that my account has been temporally closed ,maybe I have not used for a long time.However, I acceded to re-actived It by filling the aplication up that you link me ,ok.
First part was ok, but.. then I was"
Limited warranty what does that mean and where the service in Turkey
My number is 01099210993, but once I written a number 01093281664 Apple Support Ephesians 4:32).
horrible
Test 123
Why am I in the app to download the stuff inside.
I just received a phone call from Apple Support stating our account had been breached. ÊI asked a question and the caller hung up without responding. ÊI am questioning if the call was from Apple. ÊMy home phone is 936 368 7357 or you could respond via ema
I cannot update the payment of Netflix,although my are correct
I have to download an application and after I saw that there was a monthly fee or annual How can I do to cancel it is disabled I have a trial period of three days I would like to do so before Thank You
"Leave the app free music to download music
because it is very inconvenient to have to find another app to download the music out there
knowing that in the cell phone is the same app for music and that it cannot be"
I want to install the hex program _statislik no cause
What Circumstances
I'm sorry I made a mistake, press the Cancel button, but what if?
Talks focused on the opposite side goes to the very least sound
"The apple store should be increased next to get an uninstall feature.
The software should increase the star rankings and download rankings, top rankings."
I raise the level of the mobile phone camera and flash are not easy to use
Good app however should also include a notification pop up when you get a reply if youÕre not on the app
Amazing 10/10
Unable to phone support. ÊWe have access to data cellular and wifi but no phone. ÊWeÕre vacationing in Europe
What is the point of this app please send an e-mail anywhere solutions that live chat that is not at all

Include AirPods serial number in the Support app please? Thanks
"Sigo esperando a que me llamen, le dejŽ un mensaje a Sharok Jimenez para que se resuelva mi caso. Sigue abierto y no me han dado una soluci—n. 

IÕm still waiting for someone to call me. I left a voicemail to Sharok Jimenez in order to solve my case. ItÕs"
Can you bring all updates in that in cleuding iBooks to
"I asked for a new battery the 15 of March, and I am still without news.
Thanks"
Can you make a illustrated oz books series collection all 40 oz books will all the original illustrated picture from all 40 oz books starting from the wonderful wizard of oz all the way to merry go round in oz I will give you the website to look at the li
Hello apple id has been locked so that I get the statement that i received the application can you help
The app should have your upcoming calls chats and Genius Bar appointments
My apple id cannot use a small amount paid
"My apple id cannot use a small amount of pay
I ' d f0988183588@icloud.com
my phone 0988183533"
Email is not sent.
Thank you very much.
"1, the iphone 8 plus upgrade ios11.3, standby power is particularly fast I basically a night standby power is around 40 percent. In the previous versions do not have this problem I upgraded to the iphone6s ios11.3 nor iphone8plus power quickly.
2, iphone8plus in the cell phone unlock immediately after the use of 3dtouch function long press the trigger to remove the software function to wait for a few seconds before you can use the 3dtouch features."
"Hello,
I would like to warn about a terrible failure in iOS 11.3. Since my iPhone updated i need to charge the battery more than 3 times a day. In the iOS 11.2 i could load only during the night. Please resolve it! On other platforms"
Yeah, I was wondering if there could be a better search system for iMessage. ThereÕs a lot of memories in my texts with people, and being able to search by date would allow me to see those, and save them much easier. And IÕm sure IÕm not the only one whoÕ
App
Century
When I try to make purchases for games a message appears saying Òin this moment I-tunes isnÕt able to make purchasesÓ. Thank you for your help. Valentina Turtoro
It seems to me that force the off with key, helps to reduce theft
I am unable to get any mail on my iPhone not my iCloud or even a Gmail is there anyway somebody could call me back and help me IÕve been into the store and IÕve called several times and nobody seems to be to have an answer
11.3 The System Power too quicklyÉ Rather 11.2.6 life better
This is not to schedule a chat in question can only be called
"Schedule an appointment today to replace the battery on my iPhone.
What a disappointment and bad service, it turns out that there is to leave in the first place the phone for a diagnosis and after diagnosis, expected to reach the battery if applicable. In"
Please Automatically Setup My Apple ID iPhone
I canÕt choose my current country!! IÕm living in Spain BArcelona but my language on the phone is in English, so de App donÕt let me make an appointment in Barcelona.
"i will backup my phone 
becuse buy new phone new but find to backup my phone young 
please hellp me"
"Hello 

I want to told you about my update for iOS 11.3 is very bad my battery just lost itÕs charging not normally and so quick please help me i am so poor and have many problems and trouble to buy this iPhone 6s i canÕt to buy a new one"
Well
The iphone. i cannot purchase points
Good
I cannot complete a purchase
You cannot change the contact phone
I was in the Hoi King and store the replacement battery there are a few questionable place 1. Why would you want to unlock customer phone unlock screen Password 2. With the customer's mobile phone after landing in mobile phone receives a verification code 3. Change the battery between the work of the customer cannot see the switch is not a new battery is not known, there is no backup clients do not know. In short, do not worry, not pleasant service.
I want you to make a new software update with the TV app because I want to watch family sharing do it or IÕm going for SAMSUNG!
Please Help Automatically Setup My Iphone
Card Printer
"Phone reservation, and it is the slower of the Coming 10 minutes or more, there has not been well from the pain of waiting times.
She has called the advisor is available, they will be better from us, please."
A question where I reported to Apple
I receive e mail from Apple that someone changed the password, I believe itÕs spam
My phone is freezing when trying to send texts with photos. What can I do?
"Dear
the apple support email below, you will receive until he was using the logo.
This most often occurs in the plant. .
Junk Mail settings are received. However, there is no way to do?


noreply-dez@appleid.blactdrusscrug.fob.com

dear harunoyume@icloud.com source address
is not known, recently from the device, log in to your account in order to prevent unnecessary events, people, we will disable your account. Having account again"
"Here is what you should send your personnel, and I didn't have.
Sorry.
However, she did not stay to look through all the bureaucracy, so
we can report immediately,
because the application did not send location feedback. Unauthorized use of the Apple logo,
"" said Apple support to a
phishing e-mail message.
Both of your people, including user and understand that you feel angry.

In the future of your company. We are looking forward to playing.

Fukuoka"
I have received several emails about log ins from other devices. Are these truly from Apple?
I hope the next system upgrade or a new course to support China's Beidou navigation
I donÕt buy nothing I want my money back
I can't stand this neglect me! Already sent several e-mails due to improper collection, has already spent more than 48 hours and nothing!
Hello I was not able to answer on time but I would like to make an appointment for tomorrow morning to have Apple support many thanks
Why does my mobile phone in front of the beijing forced the Shandong area code 054 and the local modifications. It is for this reason lead to numerous customer service phone book. It does not come in?
Hello, I am a plus
General
Mlwhhc a
I keep getting notices fro Apple Support that I have purchased in-app games, that I have not purchased. Despite sending these notices back to you to investigate, they have continued. I do not play these games and want these supposed purchases to be invali
Recently an adult website contacted me, and billed my account . ÊThis was an accident and I would like to be removed because I am being harassed
"Please forward the transaction from my Suncorp bank account to my my mother Bank Account with Commonwealth Bank. And I will be explained to them what happened once I reach the safety for me and my mom. The destination are fog.com
Asia.com 
Motleyfool.com."
The replacement battery is not Taiwan called me here option to replace the battery of the gross
I have been several times trying to solve the problem in the SERIESAND of Nagoya since that confusion of the switched off . Still turning and running the appliance when I use the face or any custom application. Has how to troubleshoot?
Want to be able to 100 colors on the mls, otherwise the problem would also like to go to the Nanning to some remote user is responsible for the apple, mac screen painted off now was the time to nanning out-of-warranty on can't find the
I have a recurring issue IÕve noticed since buying my iPhone X, I frequently travel between the Central and Eastern Time Zone and most times my phone wonÕt automatically update the time itself, I have to go into the date and time settings and turn Òset au
I need more space to express myself as I don't have the habit of being a boss. I'm just a simple friend to everyone
I despise Apple Support. I get 2 bum ATV 4Ks in a row - the second being a refurb given to replace the first - but Apple makes it difficult to fix. I get a runaway and sent to an Apple Store, but no appointment can be given. IÕm told (most recently) that
The applecare service you better slow and sell more than two thousand dollars a pie
I would like to make an appointment at Apple but I do not know how if you guys can help me
and this is my cell phone number 210-902-9880
"No repair drop off confirmation email.
I dropped off my iphone 7 for antenna repair on 4-9. The girl who gave me a loaner said i would get a email receipt for my repair that i dropped off. I have not received any confirmation and in fact when I look up my"
Please send my apologies the organisation that I have requested. I have made a hard time for them. The keys are displayed on (pin*fasf-prcs) and they will know who I am dealing with and the Disclosure copying booklet of Suncorp on the day I sent my email
Direct Line, telephone line automatically canceled but not someone to contact me. Crystal lee
The app is available to download other but I pay the PO and unlimited very official website deleted, or not able to be downloaded.
Number to call me is 808-5510268
Case No. 100507280599 technical consultants and private self-End Conversation
9.30 The call and now the talk now why one had to come
Suddenly my iPhone 5s speakers are not working any more
The refund
I can not reset my security questions and my mobile phone does not connect to the WLAN
Could you please help support. Due to can't call to contact center phone number (_001 800 4412904_) please call back to me phone number +660935325945
Now my application before I try to download in guinea miyor redirecting credit card billing service does not accept the i can access my info
Apple Watch workout application, when you choose "Other", just sitting in the chair that just still to move ring, an exercise ring, both to increase the number more and more. Also, regardless of the number of heart rate as well as GPS sensors by simply selecting any other activity is increased, it would be, I think, without compromising the reliability of Apple Watch settings. The "other" about items you hope to improve the functionality.
I want to change the battery how to check
Why download than 150m above to download the application
Play games, the value is not what is happening
I want to make a fucking appt for the Genius Bar at the Apple store in Fayette mall
I want to cancel your membership please help return
Don't be a key to answer the call of the QQ
Hello
"Phone calls from the solution become very sesden then the converter?
I purchased live weather membership how do i i would like to cancel"
I canÕt get my extra coverage as IÕm paying for
I called Comcast 3_3 times the people disconnected me the first gentleman ended up taking my charge card to verify my account you took four different charge cards and then to find out it was three first one I also went on this application and they said th
Iphonex's mobile phone housing quality of unqualified carcinogenic but I do
Find yourself a battery removal would not be able to repair what is the truth
Ios11.3qq background serious power.
Fuck u my iPhone is not working
IÕm
Hi my credit card money always going pls check what s problem and reverse the money back my credit card 198 dhs something pls
Would be cool to use this app as a layer to real-time problem solve right?
I would like to repair may I ask in what order

Mj help line number cahye o v India ka iPhone cear ka
I love this app, the support is excellent!
I am not on the screen of the mobile phone. Find out which serial number is the serial number you do not have to go the next step how do I apply for.
I do not happen to cancel my appointment of 17h20 of Friday 13
I don't buy on how cloud Guizhou monthly charge $6 cash.
My Pingguo cursor _ music suddenly unable to maximum sound power was unable to reflect but also other music software may pingguo will achieve normal power give you back to the
I cannot make a conference call before the iOS software update conference call english
Hello. That is I have my iPhone 6 on iOS 11, but I am a motor disability following a stroke and I had difficulty m Express. I do not remember how to find my username and password. ( I do not dare call the Assistance ( because I have of grav
I have a question, my phone keeps saying that I have no sim! I have to turn it completely down, then when it comes back on itÕs good, But some days it will say No Sim a few times throughout the day! Help!! Thanks
Wanna talk now
I am extremely regretting purchasing from iTunes. I will no longer purchase anything fro iTunes. What a waste of time and money.
"I received the worst service over the course of 2 hours this morning! Please train you advisers to pass customers on if they have no idea of the issue!
Tamara told me to log off iCloud therefore losing contact and having to start again and after pleading"
Why does the charging, the less the charge
My older iphone after upgrade period plus the perfect C P U lower frequency 00 Why don't I see how the iphonex or C P U dropout rate of 3.5%. This is the next generation of iphone.
No mail why
Annoy receive mail
Last update no mail
Since last update I cannot receive mail
I just found this app I wish Apple would show these type of apps right away durning setups!!!
"Apple system is very easy and friendly system. Really love it. I have changed plat form to apple after using 10 years other plat form. 

I am little worried about security/protection policy. I have save all of my most important information including bank"
Why I canÕt find Taiwan in locations?
The Camera quits unexpectedly sometimes.
The operator of the new number, such as 166), I do not support as presented to you call back to my work phone number, pay close attention to your return phone calls to my system.
"Recently,
a freeze suddenly.
At the restart operations to the
unfamiliar words on the screenÉ.

When you tap the blue characters, there
is mention in the symptoms and measures.
It's
the closest Apple Store...
or a quick garage to
bring in to
replace
the battery check,
and doesn't freeze
.
É But The
preferred hotels so far, I have
to physically disabled people because the situation
at Apple, check and
if possible
please replace battery parts,
we will contact you don't want.
Please, thank
you."
Very good
Modify the contact phone number
You want to change it to write information to your location
Today the IPHONE X to God brain Lutheran Service Center engineers informed my X screen green line board suspected problem Singapore requirements required to Singapore so longer. Since I have to buy X suspected defective unit that your company why cannot directly provide new, or is otherwise Plus Service Center is available for the alternate phone number is not sufficient because the customer itself is not a factor if customers do not spare phone, it is forcing the customer to buy a mobile phone?
stjj_y___SymjkufdwizmuUyu
How do you connect the apple watches
I have a problem with my Beddit and it is not listed in this app.
The phone number is not changed
It would be nice to be able to modify the order of the list of cities in the Weather app
"Map app


It would be nice to have a switch to turn off the light ambient sensitivity in the Map app"
2011 Model 15inch Mac Book Pro im,broke down last year due to chronic problem.was destroyed by an authorized service agent detected.before more intelligence is not a replacement for chance campaign katõlamadõm.Me with the cause of a problem not caused by the wings
My Apple 8P is powered on, the screen would Card screen. What's wrong
J
"Help!!!! Who do I write to about Apple Music I booked last night and they have charged me to much 
Wallrgr@aol.con"
"Hello, I do not know why but having searched a telephone number with the app Sync.ME to a concert point appeared as a publicity that you could not download.
Because advertising that are subscriber? And on iPhone X happened only when he was going to tilt"
"Good day i am having problems with auto speaker of my cell phone when i videos is simmering and does not leave the sound what
should i do ?"
Hello, I lost the phone I would like to tell us how to contact you.
Rodney has been unprofessional dealing with my request, even if I told him I am on a deadline
"To change the your mode...
to open the collection of Feature Is there a way to verify that the update...
results forced consumption....

I want a refund."
iTunes is the hardest app to use. I can never just find and sign in to my account to make purchases.
Cannot find a specific place to make a Genius Bar appointment. On the web on this website on anywhere I need to find a place to make an appointment
"We have. Been. Paying. I tunes on. Ê2. Accounts ! 
We havenÕt. Even had access to internet since mid nov 2017! 
We have not. Used. 
Cancel. Our. ÊI. Tunes. On Melissa. Ê(Here) and John. Boshart. 706-982-1160. 
Refund. Is expected."
I havenÕt been able to make a purchase on the app site for days. ÊIt wonÕt let me in. ÊI have changed my password, and can log into apple.com, but the App Store will not recognize my password
"Worst experience to date with IOS 11.3
bug in
strong message only
problem with keyboard
problem in portrait mode
problem with Photo
Display Problem
Etc..."
The system is 11.3 playing games always have the camera screen temporarily income status screen in which you can close the income screen status. It is very annoying
I finally remembered my 4 digit code
Queria cambiar mi iPhone 6 por un 8
The icloud cloud backup How to Delete
To book a 4 months without the battery can be swapped out many times that there is no battery every time.
T
"I need your help please. 
Email:me_si@icloud.com"
Icloud mailbox cannot login prompt for password error to use a special password ask a private password is what I used to unlock the password or do not go up. What should I do thank you
Please include repairs and status in the app. ÊWhy do I have to go to website to look up the status of my repair?
IÕve been directed to apple to get a refund from EliteSingles.
Very practical and solution-oriented that i am satisfied with the announcement
"Good day.... i was in an Apple authorized in the city of Sorocaba.... i Laranjal Paulista .
My appliance is with physical problem on the recorder, as was detected by the own authorized.
The appliance is in warranty . Because i bought in October 2017"
I am in French Guiana Phone number: +594 6 94 04 92 15

Problem sent email went to wrong person, so the know main on but not password. ItÕs for VPN
Please bring my cell phone APPLE LD subscribe
"Hi, 

I just bought an Ipad Pro this evening but when I opened it it was Gold colour and not the Rose Gold that I wanted. 

How can this be changed?

Please call me at 81888044 and my email is espie.ileto@gmail.com"
You are
"Iphone 2 weeks passed since from x it to freeze.
Carry-in repair you want to take reservations, appointments are not at all.
How do I
the very trouble."
"Bad experience, I suppose to open 
4 Apple ID and still no one working 
Property...I have been change my telephone number and the application doesnÕt recognise this devise and I suppose to open another one..In this case I have lost all my information from"
I would like to receive an appointment for Tekefonum
Call the customer service claimed that hanging up will mail me a web address for me to send a screenshot of the results now what message did not receive your service and product price is simply a joke
My phone number is my office phone number how do I change it so that they call me on my mobile when I have a problem.
How to get to my iCloud
The mobile phone where the nuisance in other
"The bubble vpn of deduction. Seeking relief
. They were also detained for meeting the goal seek approximately $88"
I downloaded Microsoft Office products and now my phone extremely slow.
Once I have feedback over the iphone x hot hot very serious problems later, they try to repair the discovery is not erased Content Settings - General - Restore - Restore all settings reset to resolve. I hope that you will take a look at the Genius Bar is now a lot of people who have serious problems.
It is also before the show when my phone can replace the iphonex now do not see the date.
My app iCloud account bought a app I didnÕt wonÕt
I am dissatisfied with this poor service!! My iPhone 7 stopped working and i was told IÕd have to send it in for repair due to a recall! ÊÊThis is not my fault !Apple should agree to replaced my phone after speaking to me and realizing I donÕt Êlive near
Just reset the password need 24hrs, the worst is after 24 hrs also no any msg from apple. Finally, until now also yet to set my new password
IÕm not on a desk top
Test 123
sleep cycle____
Or app nao works
"Located in Martinique (France)
no recall expected +596"
Why I did not install the player.
Test 123
I did not receive a call. My iPad is less than 30/days old. ÊInwould appreciate the help
Where is the tab for make an appointment at Genius Bar it should be easier to find .
I had a fraud situation happen to me on 4/12/18 and in contacting an apple rep by way looking up the iTunes number on google found the number and called. Got a rep and explained my problem! They told me I had purchase gift cards and that they would be add
Really digging the black and green attire!
Can we get a decent frickin keyboard?!?!?!!!!!
I do not have the safari mobile phone.
Turn off Wi-Fi and Bluetooth iPhone directly from the center we control using the 3D Touch
Very bad experience till date. You can see my case still open from last 15 days and no one can provide solutions. I also visited 3 times in services Center but no result also i can help as i can shared screen shot also even they found issue on my devices.
Hello i don't know how to view the documents that I have saved on my iCloud?
Havin a real meltdown i spoke to Apple rep they told me to restart my phone I guess that means start phone all over
How do I schedule a Genius Bar appointment?
Hello Apple system how do I update my phone number
The apple care has no account
I entered my telephone number and the account information incorrectly. I donÕt see a way of being able to correct it
I put a 50 dollar Apple card on my account and have no idea how to find it or use it
Please do not works Rosa Maria MCMILLAN'S HAIRDRESSERS googling again repeat does not work email inert i warned me of the case please
Tt
Purchase does not complete
Terrible!! I need to schedule a Genius Bar appt and no option given!!
The service experience is very poor. Because there is a problem with the sound and thus help me over the screen and then the screen also profit glue on both sides of the glass is scratched. The phone I have just got it for two months service feel like back to an old mobile phone.
I Apple may not call from Spain.
why there is no south korea ???
Broke my phone gps gps does not work. Despite all the solution to act contact kanallarõnõzla Ÿretemedim.4 months before my warranty expired.no one did not take into consideration for information about the process of.6s oriented problem and a few people for an extended d

DidnÕt get help
I do not have access to the email on file. I canÕt reply to messages sent there. I no longer have the home phone number listed. I have been working on this for almost a year. No one can help. I know the answers to my security questions but the site does n
How do I recover my iCloud password
I received a email stating that I made a 334.99 iTunes purchase. I did not. They said I have to update my credit card .Is this true?
It would be good to have the possibility to transmit different photos, screenshot to be able to show the problem encountered.
"I hate this app.

You have ruined the Apple support experience. 

I just wasted 45 minutes on a chat trying to book a service appointment in store. The previous web-based system that allowed me to see available times and book myself was vastly superior."
"Bad , no way to change phone number,
When went to store guy at door didnÕt seem like he wanted to help,kelp telling me to call support on everything I asked him"
"I have been trying to get an appointment to set up my new Mac book via phone and chat, and it does not work. 
Unfortunately no one is facilitating an appointment for me. This is really frustrating, because I havenÕt been able to use my new Mac for the las"
I just received a notification Thanking me for my purchase of modern combat 5 for $35 and I did not order it nor do I play video games
"The Iphone camera error video shot to the right of the screen there is shaky. Image stabilization is malfunctioning, but it looks like
the Iphone x is a1902 version checking in Japanese, Korean or ripper cannot receive? If so, return to Japan, the 4/30~5/4, I'm going to Fukuoka, Japan seems to reserve toward Japan if you want to reserve and
use the navigation and location of the reception, open the GPS when traveling, do not follow the phenomenon occurs frequently. It is best to turn on Wi-Fi and cellular network before you reset"
As simple as the motion sensor for a subject i cannot believe the problem with the phone selection ya_adõ_õma really when i was regret for apple i
IPhone 2g and i started to use the iPhone yes ... these days of the iPhone 2g, iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, 4S, 5 and 5S, 6 and 6S finally 7 am bi used X what is the gift of bari i.e.!!!!!
I no longer have keychain since I upgraded to the new iOS you just asked us to upgrade. I have to enter all of my usernames and passwords every time I log into an app. After I log in it doesnÕt ask if I want to save my passwords. What did you guys do with
It is very good and they help you very well
"35534808743569 IMEI of the device in the list of linked clones for use Hashemite Kingdom of 12.05.2018 Hattiniz birakilacaktir.on.The Information inserted will no longer be activated to search for 532 B002
days i got this message in error please check the help"
Well remember security issues at the left
I really wanted the Apple Support app as an interface for the Knowledge Base. However, I canÕt find the KB anywhere in the app. If itÕs not here, then please allow access in future updates.
Test 123
The charge for a long time yesterday an unexpected shutdown is not up to the present time accidentally. The capacity of the battery is 93%, let me also recommend replacing the batteries why peak to the sexual capacity.
Your customer service email did not reply.
Anyway cell is corrupted. In March, the malfunction just bought
Having a hand in the cf games the value to the $30 results in the wrong with 198 million hopes to be able to refund this is a waste of money Thank You

I had the previous version live support if the back is very good..
Dhhhff
"Often disaster application , there is no way to take appointment for the change of the battery.

Or through the computer , or the application , impossible!!! It took 3 weeks.

I'm going physically to the store and refer me to the application or computer to request"
IÕve just received a suspicious email telling me that ive just purchased an app, i took some screen capture and wanted to show you. The thing is that is has an option to reset the password and a link to click on if i didnt buy the app and ask me to enter
Have the status of a repair show in the app
The TV app launched for the first time and a notification was shown as ÒTV.Sports.NotificationsAlert.TitleÓ. I have an image of it but canÕt upload it here.
"The field reports further does not allow the sending of the
message."
"Not a good session

Your menu needs to include a way to say this:

Apple will forward your message to the developer whenever Apple allows an app to not provide a feedback loop, but be authorized for distribution on AppleÕs site anyway."
"Dear Sir,
I have a question about your system. Why can i not Kelvin temperature units in? I hope that soon changed.
Greetings Mr. Thomas

For questions mail to: tfeijen11@gmail.com"
Ok uuuõõookfggjfjkgjfkhjofkfjjfjfš_fkdjfflfhfk
f
"I would like to register my dissatisfaction with the assistance London in Sao Jose dos Campos
took my iPhone 6 for exchange of battery and after this the same presented problems of wifi, Bluetooth, and gps
returned la hj and I was informed that the problem was prior to and"

The other id did not drop out has been attacking my network
Hello good iPhone 6s has a question, the problem doesn't sound good
Are geniuses! Thank you for your attention. Was Happy
It was awful no help at all not sure if this was even Apple
You were supposed to call me days ago. Can you please call me tomorrow? Around 5 pm please, thank you! Angela
Hello
Just update my iPhone iPad Pro 8+ and my company My account and e-mail has stopped working on the iPhone, however in the iPad if that works on the iPhone i a message appears on the screen that says Parallels Panel is not reliable, impossible to see
Updated my iPhone 8+ and my corporate email account has stopped working. I am Spanish and I am traveling for work in Hong Kong and I can't send or receive e-mails !!! I am blocked after the update. What can i do? I have checked all the
"Iphone6s
ios11.4
hot hot more serious lower frequency up to 84
buy a phone in order to experience fast easy to use is not a full day of the down-torn. I hope your Company can maintain the kind of ios11.3.2 Performance"
Why is it you say I will get a call in 2 minutes and I am still waiting one hour later
Ridiculous Apple Service Apps, make millions difficult to schedule a Genius Bar service!
A
You fuck up on up on your grades it changes the phone
The app should have an area where you can ask questions about a new product someone wants to purchase and the information they require.
Very good app

The game may not hedge.

How can I make an account is locked, the eye of the AH quick help me solve the A&O online, etc.
I just did and you pushed it off why
"-the-peg Êv Ê
Katie j Êa"
"I am in China and to update my iPhone 8 the
company's e-mail does not work, I get an error that is not of the iPhone software configuration, my contact telephone here is __+86 13242438427__ i am working and i got stuck, or receipt or e"
I learned that you can make me follow by email a diagnostic of my device. It is very slowed down since a certain time. I would like to know if I need to change my battery on my iPad Pro (Jarvis Pro pad) to reset the performance has Level
"Mommy m
IÕmmkkmmmkkmkmm"
Also the value of a game

"We chat with
on its own has been aborted.
Nothing has not been resolved.

I don't understand."
"Report a bug.
With regard to the existence of the phone call, the other party hears voices from far and near, or the sound of the microphone.
After the lab customer service system provides soft Solution base is invalid. Both before and after the adoption of a total of three microphones microphone masking test paper adhesive thickness of about 0.5 mm in the left and right on the cover of the rear camera with flash in between the microphone and the problem has been satisfactorily resolved. The experiment proved that the phone is turned on during the call as above but for the microphone sound negative feedback sample causing interference masking masking the interference disappears. Based on the view that the problem can take the form of a call, shielded from the microphone.
As for me, as fans of the test. Looking forward to the next update will be able to fix this bug."
In accordance with the appointment time to the said system has broken down, what tips and a remediation plan is not a waste of time to consumers a morning. In the commentary
There wasn't an option for help with Time Capsule/Time Machine issues.
Where does it show my phone number on my device? ÊItÕs a brand new phone & number for me.
I can not activate the verification of two steps, +53 Cuba does not appear in the list. For me it is essential to activate this function. Can I send you screen shots if necessary. Greetings
To create a case, it is a complete process that would clear a lot. And a case has been resolved" button to feedback results. I am very fond of apple after its confirmation to solve my problem. Thank You
Can you please make the option of chat now on all your questions and stuff thatÕs what I go by please
Why is the always displays the wrong location
Failure to pay the
Hii, last week i Êreplace my two apple headphones from A.lab plaza singapura..they gave new headphones but its not authentic, when i call somebody they said yoour voice is not clear.. you are talking from bathroom , hall or bla bla bla... my iphone expiry
Apple need to work on its battery
Download things to your password
The phone back to repair the service attitude is quite good. Because of the excess glue, so I changed to the new. Time less than 30 minutes before and after the bar is very professional.
"Now, it's not that I'm halfway,
does not correspond to a debit card and the wallet application and interface does not update the time applications are also not compatible with screen on the iphone for x, there is also plenty of apps, and don't clearly."
You guys are doing a great job thanks for the quick help with my AirPods :)
Very difficult to try to make an appointment at the genus bar... not to navigate..
"Thank you.

Thank you as always.

So, I want to ask you 1 Ratings.

Why is the language used by the Chinese.

Default settings are in Japanese, but Japanese mail has been
changed to give at any time during the Chinese.

Account from language settings to English was again in the future, Japanese mail is sent to the destination information?


Then contact of the cloud.

Note the destination set to the cloud,
tap the image attachment is not in order.
The variety of challenging, but"
Could not find the book entry
To make a call is disconnected or inaudible displays the prompt playback
Someone is in my feedback through google and system logs are open in there
WhereÕs MŽxico in the location?
Find my game 8pool with ID 244-413-845-7
What do to the message field first?-APP-avatar between well relations already well displays * ? Point to each mail _ degrees become day I write the password? Distance from the last re-set too to by a few long time. With well with the mail settings in a few days after the expiration of the automatic
No help whatsoever
The account balance is not in the game acquisitions
I always love to restart. Update to 11.3 system
"Illegal Tracking 

app_name"":""videosubscriptionsd"",""app_version"":"""",""bug_type"":""109"",""timestamp"":""2018-04-13 22:58:24.86 -0600"",""os_version"":""iPhone OS 11.3 (15E216)"",""incident_id"":""888EADFF-19E3-41DA-ABF7-CC38A3D153AE"",""slice_uuid"":""4393dd09-05a7-3139-86"
"You are not serious I buy applications that I can not reinstall. And when I called you it is endless!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I would like to be able to speak with someone."
Nil
Nil
Nil
Frustrated, ÊI turned on family sharing, Êbut canÕt see each otherÕs purchases, and canÕt find help either
We recently _ micro-delete the chat box requires a second, determine if this feature is not thought, ah ios11.3 also needs to be in accordance with the popular second Are you sure you want to delete and operating gestures at the left key and then the screen location below to confirm this action once I served
I am bilingual but i like the support in spanish and when I change the language of my cell phone (only language not region) i want to change Country in the app should fix that by that bothers me a lot that I can't have my cell phone in another language and not be able to use
"Today spoken with mr aishwarya 100507954787 case Id and as today concerned team is not available ; plz provide resolution as iam very much interested to extend my warranty and plz support and cooperate me in this regard 
Waiting for your positive reply 
8"
Gentlemen, I'm traveling in Hong Kong , has been updated my iPhone 8+ to the iOS version 11.3 and i can't send or receive e-mails, the app is blocked, the keypad will remain blocked letters, disconnects the wifi when connected, and the battery m
What do I need to do some letters to delete forever?
I find your iPhone 8 in red very cool
Mr, is my fifth message and do not receive a response. Update the iOS 11.3 has shattered the iphone8 plus, I can't send or receive e-mails, the battery in a few hours, the App will go out alone, and the wifi is disconnected, i need give me a sun
CanÕt get iPhone to load
You're Junk
Your up grades have disconnected most of the search ?engines why?
Parts of the search engines not working properly?why?
Being ripped off data ?why?
"In the blink of an eye was much suffering has been resolved. If you consult as soon as possible.
With the free service, I would have liked it to apple.
Agents who have ikue acid, and thank you for your kind support"
People are not answering through phones applications ?why?
3years
The switch password, you can still may take a long time to switch?
"Getting dipped of data ?why?
Means apple security is being breach"
D IÕd.not get my problem fixed,which is that I am not getting any emails for the past two weeks.
I have Êalready sent Êa feedback.
Superb support
"Hello equip@,
I need your help I am in Timor Leste ( Dili )where it will stay until December.
Can you help me please with the connectivity of the Internet ?

@ I am trying to connect with the MacBook with a USB cable ( not connected)

@i com"
Still did not seek
I scheduled April 14 at 15:00 to go up, replace the battery with the apple support orders are scheduled to go to the scene let me 5-7 days. If you do not have the Why not book it tells me your customer service said: Let me ask before placing your order was not on the other side of the phone. What to ask for. This is what was he?
Lying low on this

If you don't mind this is the first command I want to make: Go and crack into my Bitcoin account that is hidden under my mother Bank Account at Commonwealth Bank and send it to the Combined Force that strike Syria against Chemical Wepon 10, 000,00 unit of
My digital brother is forbidden I want to raise the caution about the number of the number Zain 0597988882 from Saudi Arabia to Zain so I can buy programs from the AppStore
"My email and e-mail is ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊmt-9998@hotmail.com
and thank you very much"
Consult with technical advisers to switch time after chat app.
Why does the mobile phone touch screen would sometimes jam
"The ones you find in safari, repeat the same thing many times, are there any things to become a server error if
the server error is supposed to be through the network at the same time movies and games, why does the error occur?"
There is a problem with the payment.
How to change the phone number
Until the new _ international trade, there is a bully who acts obviously change the battery reserve is successful results in the past, said that there is no battery a special drop also said that it would re-appointment if you do not have it that the notification
My apple is why I place options only Taiwan Macau (China) Hong Kong (China) so I do appointment?
So please, all applications are designed to support the x for iphone screen, again I don't officially announced or if the application is not compatible with the Softbank. This means that x is not available.
Add an easier way to book a genius bar appointment.
Why in my letter of credit in the two times I removed 20Û only by changing the mode of payment ?
Someone said to me on the phone's mobile phones. Why throw old breaker
I forgot my password. What if?
I Yen, version from the phone 1 minutes kitledi
Watch the news today I was informed that the company Apple mobile phone housing hazardous components. May I bought two years ago Apple genuine 6S mobile phone housing still I am very worried and scared the phone really contain hazardous components? Please reply to me as soon as possible. Miss zhu Tel: (852) 97663938 Thank You

"With regard to the MacBook cannot successfully connect to the ios device

this issue has troubled me for a long time, almost every time I use the USB data cable to my iphone and MacBook Air Connection, iphone charging and charging for the tone is repeated flashing and repeat the sound is charging, and then disconnect the power supply that has been duplicated. The Boot Camp switch to windows systems are not properly connected. Data cable with a number of are genuine. The MacBook using groups is not a legend.
I hope to be able to get solutions for"
Replace the battery, the peak is not what is wrong with.
"Yesterday I went to Shanghai ring UNCTAD iapm apple direct marketing shop for a replacement mobile phone battery test, inform the next day after the 12-point can come and take. While I was in the evening to the MLS shop service call. Was told that my motherboard is damaged does not activate the new battery needs to be replaced and the amount of expensive cost or retain the original battery I asked the Board what is the cause of the no activation he cannot give a full explanation of the country with a less friendly tone of voice, ""is broken."" The answer explained at the time, I cannot accept.
Later I call the 400 apples to iapm mls shop customer service, etc. three phone lasted for more than an hour's time and then I have to have a telephone service that is a wrong just call my phone can still come tomorrow. I have two questions
1 Apple hand"
Each response is an integer is not responding
"Hi team 

Not getting correct support from apple support"
This is a https://www.facebook.com/618367575221633/videos/190176148430325/ apple official authorized genuine?
Why do I have to upgrade my operating system I want to claim
Application of the clans clans gamecenter _ifremle giriyordum klanõma came one of the game today and i own part of the sŸperõd girdirdi gamecenter are password protected i never did not take into account the bigger now i cannot enter the gamecenter _ifres contributes
Hello
Restoremymail please on my I phone
Bjr..Finally!!
"Hi , I just found out someone try to log in my Apple ID to buy some Apple pr=
oducts from Taxes because I was trying to shopping iPhone 8 . Just want to 
Let you know I am in Los Angeles now and I did not authorize anyone to enter my account. Thank you fo"
"Hello 
The feed back has been a bit bad
I requested a recovery for my old icloud account and was told details would be sent to my phone 00234-7066604406 in 23 hours and nothing has come as yet.
I have a case number as -100506834530"
"Sorry my email is evelynoshogwe@gmail.com 
evolala@icloud.com"
Does my mobile phone abroad is not used
I am not allowed to the Navigation
Great
My phone suddenly no sound what it is and what
Unable to log into my IPad
More than a week ago the word emoji Êis being pronounced differently than in the past. Why is that? I use VoiceOver why is emoji being pronounced differently?
Id will not be able to download the app shows the use
"I recently paid $1.99 to have no answer. In my game Ò Word ShopÓ ...Adds still come up for me to download other games !
Whats with this"
Hello
My safari isnÕt working well and it only a blink when I visit websites or because of IOS 11.3?
"Good morning i have a Apple Watch Series 3 and I have placed several times the numeric key in the wrong way.
Now, the screen just says ""Too many failed attempts. Resets the Apple Watch and binds again """
I cannot change an out of date phone number
Hello, cash for purchases in iPhone does the student discount?
The touch of my iPad Pro hangs in the midst of the use... i want to know what solution ?
I received a email that you called. ÊIÕve been waiting. ÊI have no record of a missed call on my iPhone.
Why is the update software plus one bound number requires two-factor authentication?
Nice
I called in a report B4 about voicemails that claim to be from Apple saying I have some issue and should call 833-994-0999. ÊThese voicemails are coming in daily now. ÊIf they are phishing, what can I do to stop them? Can someone in Apple check out this n
Hello, my mobile phone hangs up the phone does not know what is going on
The original picture is not a
No problems.
The signal indicator with a round dot dot.
I opened case number: 100508457140. Ryan provided fast help and resolved my problem quickly! Great customer support!
Disappointed with your service Apple. Went to your Liverpool shop a week last Friday enquiring about a new battery for my phone. Was told I have to download this app and book an appointment, which I did. Travelled all the way to your Manchester shop. Had
I am sorry. I would like to ask the why am i after completely from the headset and Headset sound or no sound from your cell phone in the original speaker out ...... want a reply as soon as possible. Thank you is huge for me
How to order registration service

"I do not want you to charge any Apple products to my credit card

In fact I want to be reimbursed I did not know they were charging you card

Thanks 
Gary Sgouros"
The quality is getting worse, much better than in the past I have been using your product now my Apple X Rear Camera I bought my also found that there is a dust, Cell Border also has some flaws, torn with joy, I bought your product as a result to be very sad.
How can I remove vacation notice auto responses from email account?
Why am I _ today games for laundering charge has _ this problem cannot be how to processing it first aid
"Phone email says I will be locked out? ÊI am overseas in Thailand for past 2 mths. ÊWhat are u talking about Òlocking my phone?Ó
I do not use data now while gone nor am I calling but my bills are paid."
For the _ Money game why cant charge
"Had problems with AppleCare+ and the staff were very helpful and friendly!
I am really happy with your customers as customer service!"
I just got a new debit card. It sure would be helpful if I could make changes to my account from this app
Camera problrm
Hello I have a problem of connected or make the updating applications impossible help me if you like
I want to return mu Iphone 8. I am really disappointed. Even if I should pay something. I dont want it anymore. The battery die easily and GPS Malfunctioning and Apple Store at Highland Village Houston are so rude and they wont fix it. Please I want to re
"It wonÕt let me submit my message 
Why?"
The signal is not good.
How to download the popular Karaoke
App account could not be purchased
The town also cannot charge for all values of the Pingguo phone first aid
The phone number below my name is incorrect and I see no option to change it.
I am filled with 6 why I deducted $54
2 of the arcos 360 sensors that I bought from the apple store in February 2017 are now broken. Can you fix them?
ItÕs very difficult to find how to contact Apple support about a problem with the gift card. Are you seem to have as an option to email you guys I wanted to talk to somebody now. IÕm upset because a gift card did not register credit balance on my account
Hi my name is bilal ekmen i want to delete my credit card but impossible. The auxiliary olurmusumuz
Sucks. I canÕt log in with my new email !!!!!
Bought Alpha Omega; hate it! Want refund
Or then I send an e-mail that I received which seems to me to be fraudulent supposement of Apple
"my phone is on headphone mode but i got no headphones in. Thank you for your time 

-kamorie"

The new update sucks as far as battery life. I have never had to charge my phone so much during the day than I have been now since the new update. I am really considering going back to android.
What is the purpose of create this means of communication with you, but give a response.
I wish you would put back in e mail folder Êedit, "clear all e-mails to trashÓ
An app really useful, where you find a support of people really kind and competent...excellent!!!
App Store in standby mode, why so much power.
The update is Supposed to help the battery and it does not itÕs 1 oÕclock and my phones been going there for 12 before it would last all day long they need to do something different
Software
"Hi I want change Country Êto Saudi Arabia but I have balance 00.90$

How I can do it."
I was wondering abt the transcript from my voicemails from IPhone 6? I am a deaf customer. My daughter 6S does have it. Why not mine?? Email me Lisademchristie@gmail.com thank u!
I have opened a chat, and at any given time the operator tells me to wait to make a query. The little robot tells me that cancels the chat because I don't say anything. In these cases, the operator should disable this mechanism, since i am waiting
"Hallo
I have problem about payment by App Store, I didnÕt buy any Abo music why my bill came with a music-Abo 12,90$?
Sincerely,"
Too much heating up from back side.more heat up on upper half , nearer to camera n that area. Ambient is 35 Ê. While playing music on wifi network itÕs getting heat up
My phone says I have used less data than they say have used LawyersLawCourtsTheLaw
Let me copy the case number from the recent history panel...
ItÕs really hard to re-open a case. Yesterday the chat got stuck on reconnecting and I could not open it again easily
I received a email saying that my Apple account was hacked that they froze my account. They wanted all my info plus soc number. I deleted it right away. They said some charges were from SaudiÕs Arabia so they froze my account. Do you have any info from ot
Smart Keybaord ____
Purchased 2 iPhone 8 s from Xfinity Mobile w/unlimited plans & insurance for both Received Feb 8 2018 called to activate & checked account Info was wrong they had #2 cell By the gig & No Ins. On either cell And I corrected the info & to this date Still No
"Hello,
My iphone have complaints , some he is langzam, some I cannot turn him out, and he wants to make an appointment or zelfik iphone check,
Greetings,
Thi Thi Nguyen"
"I am very disappointed in the fact that I cannot make more than three Apple Store appointments. I end up having to use my fathers Apple ID because I bring in more than three at a time every week and it bugs the heck out of me. 
Thank you, we love Apple"
Experienced an issue both times when Advisors attempted to transfer me via Chat. Received notice of a network issue and was receiving messages but unable to respond.
I've installed the version 11.3 and the screen has erased often intermittently. Many times need to tighten the start button to turn the screen to normal.
Hello Please I want to take u. Appointment to repair or replace the charger from my iPhone 8 and thank you
Rashida was super cool, basically like a super hero.
This is the built-in exploring how won't connect to the server.
Ios 11.3 and i found an error in the,please look for me the following error;bluetooth headset is connected to the wire is not available on the keyboard i got my wife iPhone 7 Plus iPhone SE please deal with the error there! Thank you;contact no:05057547975
"When things are running good you guys manage to screw it up. Now when I want to delete an email or text message 
Instead of just swiping it to the left I get a message asking if I want to delete it? Why would I want to do 2 steps instead of one???